The Naif Arab Academy for Security Sciences said in a statement that it was running a workshop for 50 experts.
A United Nation nuclear team will make a visit to North Korea this weekend to inspect the Stalinist state's controversial nuclear site.
South Koreans rallied on January 11, 2002 in support of their right to eat dog meat. They threatened an Internet war as part of a campaign to defend the traditional cuisine.
Religious extremism continues in Pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.
Thirteen drug traffickers were killed and 10 arrested in Iran sweeps. The Iranian army launched a huge sweep against traffickers along the borders with Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Iranian army arrests 1600 drug traffickers, kills 21, and seizes 6 tons of drugs and weapons in operation along its borders with Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Government has banned cultivation of opium poppies and plans to build a wall along its border in an attempt to end drug trafficking.
Canadian government's warning of capability to launch a cyberattack causes various industries to review their preparedness. Critical infrastructures including energy and transportation providers cite close work with Government to remain aware of threats and to update accordingly.
Russia's military authorities criticized Kamchatenergo Power Company for imposing a shutdown on supplies to a command center that guides military satellites in orbit and contributes to systems controlling the international space station.
Russian space officials warn that power cuts against the military for of bills, like the one at a command center in the Far East Kamchatka Peninsula of the Russian Space Forces, could have catastrophic consequences.
An Australian jury found that an Uzbekistan Olympic boxing official was defamed in a book about alleged Olympic corruption in which he was depicted as a major international heroin dealer and racketeer.
OSCE urges permanent end to Afghan terrorism and to create stability in Central Asia. Expert states that cultivation of opium and drug trafficking are deeply entrenched in Afghanistan and will be impossible to eradicate.
Afghan officials conducted talks with Russian officials asking for assistance in stopping Afghanistan's large illegal opium and heroin trade. Afghanistan seeks to end poppy harvesting and increase border control.
South Korea's defense ministry under attack in parliament over allegations it is favoring U.S. company Boeing for fighter project. Newspaper reports reveal that plane was rated higher in air force evaluations and that the Government is instead responding to political pressure from the U.S. and Boeing.
A senior South Korean minister on Friday warned that there could be a new crisis this year over inspections of the rival North's nuclear program.
India's Hindustan Aeronautics Limited plans to manufacture and maintain 140 Sukhoi 30 fighter jets for the Indian government.
Japanese opposition Liberal Party chief Ichiro Ozawa announced that Japan is able to arm itself with nuclear weapons overnight if China proceeds with excessive military.
The Japanese Government stated on April 8, 2002 its policy of holding no nuclear warheads. This was after a senior lawmaker said Japan can arm itself with nuclear weapons overnight.
Brazilian Defense Minister in Moscow for cooperation talks with government officials and leading members of Russia's complex. Emphasized in the discussion is arms sales and extended cooperation in the space sector.
Declassified British Ministry of Defense documents explain how Britain made its first nuclear bomb. Critics state that with access to plutonium available from rogue States terrorists could consult the detailed documents and build an atomic bomb.
The number of heroin addicts in Tajikistan has vastly increased over the past five years due to drug trafficking between Afghanistan and Russia and Europe.
Southeast Asian nations are collaborating with the European Union in the European intellectual rights cooperation program in order to strengthen intellectual property rights in Southeast Asia with the goal of strengthening business and investor confidence.
Boeing Corporation will provide 40 k jets to the Republic of Korea and promises to meet an offset trade level of 70 percent.
Cambodia and Vietnam finalized an agreement to stop Asian and European drug traffickers. They will focus on the import of cheap chemical drugs made in Thailand.
Senior officials from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) drew up a joint draft statement to be adopted by security ministers next week. The statement stated that closer cooperation amongst the nations was needed to counter terrorism.
Myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. Myanmar has asked the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the international community to assist in these efforts.
At a conference Iran and Pakistan pledged to assist neighboring Afghanistan by increasing private sector activity.
Taiwan national executed in Vietnam for drug manufacture and trafficking. Police in the strict communist country discovered his methamphetamine manufacturing plant disguised as a soap factory and sentenced him to death in 1997.
AFP, members of international and local press, and United Nations representatives and diplomats witnessed Myanmar destroy illicit drugs the authorities captured.
Ecological organization Greenpeace stated on June 21, 2002 that Russia helped Iran to develop nuclear weapons by building Iran's Bushehr atomic power station.
Asian countries participated in United Nations International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking on 26 June 2002 by executing drug traffickers and burning narcotics worth 1 billion U.S. dollars. Participating countries adopted tough positions in order to demonstrate commitment to eradicating the problem.
Indian government tests Russian rocket amid efforts to increase defense against possible Pakistani attacks. Indian Defense Ministry has increased spending on defense purchases.
Malaysia proposes expansion of pact with Indonesia and the Philippines to entire ASEAN. Terrorism is expanding across Southeast Asia.
Vietnam announces that all websites will require a license to operate in Vietnam in order to control the dissemination of reactionary or pornographic material online.
Atomic Energy Agency director States it would be difficult for Iraq to conceal a nuclear weapons program if international inspectors were allowed to return. Inspectors would perform various tests, visits, and interviews and their presence alone in the country would be a deterrent.
Bangladesh opposition claims a crime crackdown being carried out by the army is becoming political witchhunt, and human rights groups claim fundamental rights are being violated.
The Russian government hailed cooperation of Arab countries in fighting terrorism and said not one Arab state backed the Chechen separatists who are accused of waging a terrorist campaign.
The Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov are to travel to Paris to meet the French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin and Defense Minister Michele.
Tanzanian Vice President Ali Mohamed Sheni said on November 12, 2002 that Africa needs its own health forum to create research priorities to effectively combat disease on the continent.
New U.S. study claims that of Internet's sites are blocked by the Chinese Government authorities using updated Filtering technology. A wide range of sites including a very high percentage of news sites and keywords were found to be blocked.
A laboratory chief from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on December 10, 2002 that the UN's nuclear agency could detect even infinitesimal amounts of radiation from weapons programs if they exist in samples from Iraq.
South Korea urges North Korea to return nuclear reactor to UN surveillance. North Korea had violated 1994 shut down by disabling surveillance devices.
North Korea removed UN seals at a laboratory suspected of being used to produce material. This activity further escalates tension in the Korean Peninsula's nuclear crisis and ignores international condemnation.
North Korea was criticized on December 26, 2002 for moving to restart its nuclear program. The UN atomic agency said such moves were tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship.
Experts warn that North Korea could produce plutonium from spent fuel rods at nuclear reactor. Existing rods could produce atomic bombs in months.
British officials are deeply concerned by a warning from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concerning North Korea's opening of the Yongbyon facility and possible nuclear intentions.
South Korea threatens to cease support following North Korean nuclear. Roh seeks peaceful solution.
China launches unmanned space craft Shenzhou IV into a preset orbit with the eventual goal of sending astronauts into space.
European Space Agency is finalizing deal with Russian government to allow for Soyuz rockets to be launched from Europe's space command at Kourou, in French Guiana replacing launchers. Plans for Soyuz launches have been delayed by funding issues since costly modifications to launch facilities must be made to accommodate the Russian rocket.
Prime Minister Koizumi meets with President Putin to demand that North Korea reverse NPT withdrawal. Koizumi pledges continued support for Russian disarmament.
An Indian information technology expert disproved the phobia of cyber attacks and said the threat was overstated.
Pakistan authorities announce upgrades of security of nuclear facilities and employees after press reports alleging leaks of its its nuclear technology.
Islamic activists condemn the arrests of Kashmiri separatist leaders in the Indian zone of the disputed Himalayan region.
Plutonium enough to produce 25 nuclear bombs which has gone unaccounted for at a Japanese nuclear facility is mostly due to measuring shortcomings and miscalculations.
On 030128 Italy's Internet network was hit by most serious Internet attack to date that severely disrupted Italy's post offices.
Indian Deputy PM identifies Southeast Asia as a new center for jihadi terrorism and urges closer international cooperation following bombing in Bali.
Myanmar's military arrested 12 activists from parties for activities undertaken with funding from dissident expatriates.
A team of South African weapons experts departs for Iraq with UN approval to assist with Iraq's disarmament program. Political tensions are increasing as the U.S. threatens war against Iraq.
Iranian opposition group accused Iran of building banned uranium enrichment sites as part of a nuclear weapons program with goal of altering power balance in region. UN nuclear inspectors to depart for Iran to conduct inspections of 2 sites.
The International Narcotics Control Board reported on February 26, 2003 that illicit manufacture of methamphetamines has risen significantly in Southeast Asia.
Kashmiri militant groups claim responsibility for attack on Indian police post in the disputed region that killed at least 11 people. Indian officials claim that foreign infiltrators from Pakistan executed the attack but local Kashmiri groups call this baseless propaganda.
Kazakhstan increased its air defenses to prevent any missiles fired during the Iraq war from threatening its Caspian coast. The coast is a home to vital oil industry installation.
The methamphetamine pills known as Yaa BAA have surpassed heroin as Thailand's number one killer drug. Several million Thai people use the drug.
Afghanistan's Interior Minister states that Taliban is not capable of destabilizing the Afghan government despite increase in attacks on government and foreign targets in the country. Most of the attacks are carried out by former Taliban members sent into Afghanistan and funded by drug smuggling operations or supporters in Pakistan.
Pakistan's Anti Narcotics Force seize 1.22 metric tons of opium after gun battle with drug smugglers in Baluchistan province.
A purported Ayman recording called for more suicide attacks, highlighting again the role of Egyptians in while suspicions grow that another Egyptian, Seif may have been behind the bombings in Saudi Arabia.
Indian troops already fighting rebels in Kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. Troops are facing angry farmers unaware that poppy cultivation is now punishable as a drug trafficking offense.
After the first meeting between leaders of the European Union and leaders from Albania, Bosnia and herzegowina, Croatia, Macedonia and Serbia and Montenegro, leaders from the western Balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the Balkans to meet requirements of European Union membership.
A Paris judge ordered that 11 members of Iranian armed opposition group the People's Mujahedeen remain imprisoned. The members include the People's Mujahedeen's symbolic leader Maryam Rajavi.
A 5 billion United States dollar North Korean nuclear reactor project is contingent upon progress of discussions between North Korea and South Korea regarding North Korea's desire to obtain nuclear weapons.
Vietnamese police made several arrests after uncovering two networks trafficking drugs from Laos and Cambodia.
The Swedish Government appointed Hans Blix to head a new independent international commission on weapons of mass destruction on July 3, 2003.
On 030715 Australia's government dismissed a threat by a North Korean spokesman of a North Korean nuclear attack on Australia if Australia took part in an international operation to stop ships trafficking weapons of mass destruction.
Australia dismisses North Korea's threat to strike Australia with nuclear weapons if Australia participates in an operation to stop ships from trafficking weapons of mass destruction.
The Chinese government's recent conclusion that North Korea has enough plutonium to build a nuclear bomb has resulted in urgent diplomacy and plans for new talks. Chinese deputy foreign minister was dispatched to North Korea to meet with Kim in an attempt to deescalate the situation.
Thailand will host ministers from China, Laos, India and Myanmar to discuss the elimination of precursor chemicals used in drug production.
La times probe finds strong evidence that Iran appears to be in the late stages of developing the capacity to build a nuclear bomb.
Iran pledges to provide nuclear information to IAEA and sign nuclear protocol before 20040200 but not to indefinitely suspend uranium enrichment.
German technology group Siemens stated that negotiations had begun between Siemens and China to export an unused facility to China.
A Chinese company has discussed buying a plutonium factory from a German technology group. German Defence Minister Peter Struck stated that Germany will export a plutonium facility to China only if China guarantees to use it only for peaceful purposes.
Brazil's Senate approves legislation increasing firearm purchase age and proposing a 2005 referendum on the banning of gun sales.
officer Mohammed Hamdi reveals under interrogation that Saudis and Yemenis were involved in funding two terrorist attacks in Yemen.
Live poultry smuggling undermines WHO and FAO efforts to restrict bird flu spread in Asia. FAO and WHO advise countries to tighten border security.
Volkswagen AG rejects a Chinese newspaper report that it had put a stop to technology transfers of its Santana sedans to joint venture partner Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp (SAIC).
Libyan Foreign Minister Abdel Rahman Shalgam visited London during the first visit by a Libyan foreign minister since 1969. Shalgam stated that Libyan officials have had the materials to produce weapons of mass destruction but have decided to abandon Tripoli's weapons of mass destruction program.
A draft report prepared for the EU executive stated that the European Union should massively increase research on security issues in order to better protect civilians from terrorist attacks.
French judge calls terrorism serious threat despite dispersal and weakening of. Restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
Amnesty International urges Laos to treat surrendered ethnic Hmong rebels humanely while Lao officials claim there are no rebels and no insurgency. The rights group states that Lao troops promised rebels amnesty and a living area if they surrender but has received conflicting reports as to whether the Lao Government has upheld this agreement.
French energy and transport company Alstom may sign a contract to build a rail link between Beijing and Shanghai. Alstom is in competition with Japanese and German countries for the contract.
European Union COMPANIES THREATEN job relocation to the ten countries that will join the EU on May 1, 2004. It has caused concern and criticism from the current states that ignored the impending signs for several years.
Desiring admission into the European Union, Albanian government increased efforts against drug trafficking by strengthening laws, seizing illegal drugs, and investigating possibly corrupt police officials.
Myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. Myanmar's General Khin yii stated that opium production has been reduced in Myanmar but that methamphetamine production is rising.
Nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the Sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of Anastasio Somoza but imposed a leftist regime.
Suspected Chinese hackers have attacked the website of Taiwan's military news agency. The hackers replaced the Agency's homepage with the slogan reunification with Taiwan in 2021.
Malaysia has agreed in principle to purchase missiles from China. China will transfer technology related to very air defense to Malaysia in return.
Pakistan approves installation of second nuclear power plant to be supplied by ally and defense supplier China. The plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years.
Chinese hackers are suspected of attempting to hack the website of Japanese war shrine Yasukuni Shrine. This hacking attempt has coincided with the Asian Cup final, which leads some analysts to believe that the suspected attacks are to the football final between Japan and China.
Taiwan's promos dismissed reports that its technology transfer agreement with South Korea's Hynix might falter due to concern from South Korean government over helping foreign competitors. The companies have exchanged information and established a strategic alliance to share technology.
Afghanistan's new special narcotics force seized and destroyed more than four tons of drugs, seized equipment and weapons, and detained 10 people in a major operation in southern Helmand province.
Cyber attacks target Japanese Foreign Ministry homepage. A Japanese official blames South Korean hackers for the attacks, citing the passage of a Japanese resolution that stressed the Japanese government's claim to an island chain controlled by South Korea.
Taiwan's chip company United Microelectronics Corp (UMC) announced on March 21, 2005 that it would obtain a 15 percent stake in chipmaker hejian technology through a compensation package.
India is expected to close a $2 billion dollar deal to buy 6 French Scorpene submarines in a few days. This deal has been in process for several years and will strengthen India's military capability.
Mekong countries meet in Cambodia to pledge new commitment and revisit 1993 pact.
Experts warn of new cyber attack encrypting documents and extorting payment for decryption. 1 case reported with potentially many in future.
Israeli military officials stated that Syria test fired three Scud missiles a week ago in an act of defiance to the United States and the United Nations, The New York Times. One of the missiles broke up over two Turkish villages. It caused no injuries.
Taiwan successfully fired its first cruise missile. This will enable Taiwan to hit major military targets in southeast China.
Brazilian government and Abbott Laboratories agree on lower price for AIDS drug Kaletra in response to Brazilian threat to violate the patent. According to WHO studies the price of the drug was exorbitant and the Brazilian government demanded that Abbot lower the price.
Pakistani analysts say that Pakistan's network of madrassas has close links with Islamic extremists in Britain, who supply them with extremist recruits and funding.
20050705 terrorist attacks may prompt measures sufficient to force Islamist militant organizations in London into convert operations via the Internet.
French President Chirac confirms 2.4 billion euro purchase of 6 submarines. Indian Airlines additionally purchased 43 Airbus planes for 1.8 billion euros.
Spain detained suspected group in the eastern Valencia region on suspicion of possession and trafficking of weapons. Experts claim there are approximately 70 extremist groups in 70 Spanish cities comprising 11000 people.
China's research and development spending will catch up with that of the EU in 090000 or 100000 if current spending trends continue. Conditions for research and development in some emerging markets like China may be surpassing Europe's, so European companies are transferring some of their investments there.
Deadly attacks in India continue despite deaths of Pakistani Kashmir rebels and destruction of group infrastructure due to earthquake. There is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency.
During a tour of France Chinese Prime Minister Wen states that French company Areva must improve its offer for a nuclear reactor deal with regard to price and technology transfer. Wen also signed a deal to initiate student exchange programs and attempted to allay anxiety about China's rapidly growing power.
Eurocopter won a large contract with the Republic of Korea to produce helicopters. The goal of this dollar project is to allow the Republic of Korea to launch its own aeronautical industry.
An Australian man was charged in Singapore with drug trafficking.
Israeli Foreign Minister Visits South Korea to discuss connection between North Korea and Iran's nuclear programs and enforcement of UN resolution on Hezbollah.
A Taiwanese drug trafficker named Tsai was arrested in the Philippines on January 25, 2007 after fleeing from a conviction for selling Ketamine..
China said on February 1, 2007 it did not want an arms race in space. China did not comment on Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's claims that China's test had broken international law.
10 individuals are detained in Saudi Arabia on February 3, 2007 for suspicion of illegally collecting money to fund activities.
13 Kurds from Turkey were arrested near Paris on suspicion of for the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). The European Union and other countries regard the PKK as a terrorist organization.
Indonesian judges sentenced Australian Michelle dawn Condon to 3 months in jail including time served on drug charges. Condon is the latest Australian convicted on drugs charges in Indonesia.
After a trial in Hanoi a Vietnamese court sentenced 3 people to death and issued prison terms to 52 people for running a heroin trafficking ring. Possession of more than 600 grams of heroin or more than 20 kilograms of opium carries the death penalty in Vietnam.
Authorizing of EU sanctions against North Korea meets difficulties due to Britain's disagreement with Spain over the sovereignty of Gibraltar.
5 Kurds from Turkey are under investigation in France after being arrested on suspicion of for the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). 10 other Kurds will go before a judge on 9 February 2007.
10 Kurds are under investigation in France on suspicion of for a terrorist organization known as Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).
India's National Security Adviser warns that terrorist outfits have utilized fictitious companies in stock market operations to raise funds for terrorist operations. A terrorism expert in India stated that stock market manipulation to raise funds is a new development.
5 men were remanded to court for allegedly plotting to kidnap and kill a British solder and post a video of the execution on the Internet.
Roh stated that he believes North Korea wants to move towards openness and reform despite developing nuclear weapons.
Kadhafi warns that US and Britain's failure to compensate Libya for nuclear disarmament will deter Iran and North Korea from disarming.
Australia's Foreign Minister warns of continuing terrorist threats despite efforts against militants.
Peace activists from Greenpeace climbed a crane on the River Thames outside Britain's houses of parliament and called MPs to campaign against Prime Minister Tony Blair's plans to renew the UK's nuclear deterrent.
The UN General Assembly adopted Ban proposal to reform 2 UN core activities peacekeeping and disarmament.
The UN Security Council has been holding frantic talks to try to reach consensus on a draft text broadening UN sanctions against Iran.
An Indonesian official says Indonesia agreed to further UN sanctions against Iran over the disputed atomic program because the sanctions promote the goal of a nuclear Middle East.
Japan on March 27, 2007 deployed troops to Nepal to monitor Nepal's ceasefire. This was the first military mission since Japan created a Defense Ministry.
The European Union adopted sanctions against North Korea on March 27, 2007 that put North Korea in line with a UN Security Council resolution. It was passed after North Korea announced a nuclear test.
Illegal arms trafficking increases in Kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts. Government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective.
Thailand's Defense Ministry has decided to develop and produce rockets and missiles.
UN atomic energy chief ElBaradei urges Governments of Israel and Iran to join zone in the Middle East. ElBaradei states that a Middle East peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
India has banned all direct and indirect export and import of materials, goods and technology to North Korea and Iran that could aid in those countries' suspect nuclear programs.
Members of Egypt's opposition Muslim Brotherhood on trial in Egyptian military court including businessman thought to fund the Organization. Defense lawyers boycotted the session arguing that they had not been made aware of the trial dates.
A conference of the Nuclear Treaty (NPT) will begin on 30 April 2007 in Vienna. Experts stated the preparatory session can not change the treaty but is expected to focus on problems in fighting proliferation and in getting the 5 original nuclear weapons states to fulfill the NPT commitment to disarm.
and Afghan troops initiated Operation silicon on 30 April 2007 to clear the Taliban from the lower Sangin Valley. Sangin valley is located in Afghanistan's premier opium producing Helmand province and is said to be home to some Taliban leaders.
2 municipal board candidates of Corleone, Sicilian were arrested for suspected drug trafficking. 8 suspects were detained in total in Corleone and Palermo as part of a drug trafficking investigation.
Australia revealed that 702 million Australian dollars have been budgeted for measures, including protection against cyber attacks.
Estonian government servers experienced a cyber attack in May 2007 after a disagreement with Russian officials. Estonian officials plan to discuss the handling of cyber attacks at a meeting of member States of NATO and the European Union.
Estonian Bank Seb Eesti uhispank's website was temporarily shut down following a cyber attack. The attack occurred after Estonian authorities relocated a monument to Soviet soldiers.
Government of Estonia rejects EU agency criticism of its handling of recent cyber attacks. Estonian official defends restriction of access to various State websites as inevitable and calls criticism ignorant of the extent of the attacks.
European Parliament members responded to cyber attacks on Estonian websites by calling on Russian officials to assist investigations into the attacks. The attacks are believed to have come from Russian administration IP addresses in response to the relocation of a Soviet statue in Estonia.
Republic of Korea launches its first Aegis destroyer equipped with advanced air and sea defenses. Japanese and Chinese naval buildups and the threat from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea have caused Republic of Korea to expand its defense and combat capabilities.
Russia tests new multiple warhead missile capable of penetrating systems such as the U.S. shield planned for deployment in central Europe. In response to U.S. plans Putin states that Russia will suspend its compliance with a European conventional weapons control treaty as Russia continues working to regain military parity with the U.S..
After Estonian authorities shut down state websites after a cyber attack originating from Russian computers Estonian officials will propose that the members of the European Union consider cyber attacks as acts of terror.
Drug trafficker executed in Saudi Arabia forsmuggling a large quantity of hashish..
An Australian named Michael Karras skipped bail in Singapore on June 12, 2007 after being charged with drug trafficking.
Russian President Putin called for a freeze on Russian compliance with the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe (CFE) due to limitations on troop movement. NATO member States and countries from the former Soviet bloc meet in Vienna to the CFE.
Ministers of Public Security and from Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan issued a joint statement reporting an agreement to strengthen joint efforts to prevent drug trafficking. The statement includes steps to improve border management to combat the transnational threat posed by opium from Afghanistan.
A Sydney Council defended a decision on June 20, 2007 to forge a relationship with Bethlehem despite allegations that such a relationship would be akin to supporting Hamas.
The United Nations said on June 25, 2007 that sophisticated laboratories inside Afghanistan are converting 90 percent of Afghanistan's opium into heroin and morphine before smuggling it around the world.
Brazilian police surrounding slums north of Rio de Janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. At least 18 people killed during firefights between police and drug dealers.
Malaysian police chief stated that luxury cars stolen in Malaysia are being smuggled out of the country and sold to fund terrorist and criminal organizations in the first time police have linked the rampant auto theft in Malaysia to terrorism. Most of the trafficking is conducted by sophisticated global crime groups who use Southeast Asian countries as a transit stop on the smuggling route.
Russia's government announced withdrawal from the Conventional Forces in Europe arms control treaty in hopes that the accompanying uncertainty will pressure European regarding various military, economic, and political issues.
Russia withdraws from key war arms treaty limiting military deployment in Europe. Putin demands that all NATO members sign treaty.
Russian President Putin signs decree suspending Russia's application of European arms control treaty. The Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe is a key War security accord in Europe that limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at cooperation between Member States.
India plans sale to Myanmar of helicopter containing parts. Amnesty International reveals potential violation of EU arms embargo to Myanmar.
Amnesty International has published a report stating that an Indian project to sell attack helicopters to Myanmar threatens a European Union arms embargo against Myanmar.
Russia will increase its missile defense by deploying the triumph missile system around Moscow later this month.
Amnesty International revealed in a report published on July 16, 2007 which stated that a European Union arms embargo against Myanmar is under threat from an Indian project to sell helicopters to Myanmar.
Russia announced that it will suspend participation in the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) arms control treaty, which limits the deployment of troops and tanks in NATO and former Warsaw Pact nations. Germany will host meetings to salvage the CFE.
Iran executes a convicted murderer and a drug trafficker. Media sources report that at least 121 people have been executed in Iran so far in 2007.
France was criticized over France's plans to build a nuclear reactor in Libya while nuclear proliferation experts dismissed concerns.
More than 60 Saudi activists have signed a petition calling for the release of a group of reformists held in the kingdom since early February 2007. The group is accused of funding terrorism.
Interpol issues wanted notice for Saddam Hussein's daughter Raghad for suspicion of terrorism and inciting violence. Raghad sought refuge in Jordan, where she is protected by King Abdullah II.
On August 20, 2007 Jordan ruled out any move to relinquish Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter Raghad. Raghad Saddam Hussein is wanted by the Iraqi government on suspicion of terrorism.
The Russian agency announced a seizure of tonnes of opium and marijuana worth approximately 1.7 million United States dollars in 6 former Soviet bloc countries.
The Fars news agency stated that Iran hanged two drug traffickers in its southern port city of Bandar Abbas on September 6, 2007. It was a day after Iran executed 21 criminals in one morning.
British newspapers have reported that Chinese military has hacked into British government networks. China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu denies the Chinese Government's involvement and stated the Chinese government's willingness to cooperate with the international community during investigations into the hacking attacks.
Chinese government refuses to comment on French allegations of Chinese involvement in cyber attacks launched on government systems in France. The French spokesman did not directly implicate the Chinese military as unnamed officials in other countries have done following similar recent cyber attacks.
China stated on September 11, 2007 that Chinese websites have been the subject of cyber attacks. Multiple Western countries suspect China of conducting cyber attacks against western nations.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency stated the governments of North Korea and Syria have strengthened missile cooperation. The North Korean government has trained Syrian missile engineers and the Syrian Government has bartered farm products and computers for missiles from North Korea.
Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev addressed the UN General Assembly regarding nuclear arms, stating that Kazakhstan has benefitted from ending its nuclear program and encouraging other nations to do the same.
Indian security chiefs to discuss prevention of funding terrorism through stock market investment and international remittances to India.
The home minister of India issued an alert on October 3, 2007 against possible terror attacks that could hinder development in India.
In September 2007 prosecutors charged Mohamed Ould Ahmed Salem and khattry Ould Ahmed for money laundering. A court said the case was not valid because the prosecution had no jurisdiction to charge lawyers in a case already in the courts.
Afghan authorities raided a drugs laboratory and a customs office on 6 October 2007. 4 tons of liquid heroin and 1 ton of hashish were seized.
Tajik border police said on October 8, 2007 that the police had killed one smuggler, wounded another and seized 90 kilos (198 pounds) of opium after intercepting the smugglers as the pair tried to enter from Afghanistan.
Iran executed 3 drug traffickers on October 27, 2007.
Russian nationals of a group called the Eurasian Youth Union claim to have hacked and disabled the website of Ukrainian president Viktor Yushchenko. The Eurasian Youth Union stated that the hacking was a retaliation against Ukrainian attacks on the website of the Eurasian Youth Union.
Iranian officials hanged convicted drug trafficker jomeh Gomshadzehi in prison in Zahedan. Gomshadzehi's execution is approximately the 240th hanging in Iran in 2007.
A Canadian bank robber pleaded guilty on November 7, 2007 to stealing an antique jewelry piece made for the 19th century Austrian Empress Sisi. It was also revealed that the robber was funding Kurdish rebels in Iraq.
Union of rightist forces party leader Nikita Belykh stated the party's official website was attacked by hackers. Belykh stated a belief that the Russian presidential administration is behind the attacks that occurred ahead of parliamentary elections.
Iran has hanged a convicted drug dealer. Iran has increased executions in recent months.
Iran hangs two drug traffickers, bringing the total number of executions in Iran in 2007 to 269.
French President Sarkozy responds to international concerns over Areva's decision to deliver nuclear reactors to China. Sarkozy states that French officials will be strategic partners with Chinese officials.
The Government of Spain will seek a compromise on Russia's planned suspension of a key arms control treaty. Russian President Vladimir Putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty is a response to U.S. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern Europe and to NATO's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
Russia's decision to suspend its participation in the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty and Kazakhstan's bid to assume the chairmanship of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe will be the focus of the upcoming annual OSCE conference. Spain as current President will lead meetings to reach solutions.
15 people were sentenced to death in Vietnam for drug trafficking in two different trials on November 29, 2007.
State media said on December 1, 2007 that twelve people were sentenced to death. A Vietnamese court found them guilty on November 30, 2007 of trafficking more than 70 kilograms (154 pounds) of heroin.
Iran officials hanged 2 convicted drug traffickers and 1 convicted rapist in public in Qom on 2 December 2007. A large number of recent executions in Iran have been in public.
French President tours Algeria to sign billions of dollars in oil and gas deals and a nuclear accord. Sarkozy calls colonialist occupation unjust but refrains from apologizing for atrocities.
Authorities in Myanmar raided 3 poppy fields and arrested 8 opium poppy farmers during government efforts to reduce opium production on Myanmar.
Iranian authorities hanged 4 convicted drug traffickers in Bojnourd. Iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after China.
Russia offered to help Libya on December 19, 2007 in its pursuit of nuclear energy and announced a visit to Libya this weekend by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
Russia has offered to help Libya in its pursuit of nuclear energy. A visit to Libya by the Russian foreign minister was announced.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov engaged in talks with Libyan Foreign Minister Abdelrahman Shalgham on the development of a nuclear energy program in Tripoli. Russian officials stated that Russia was ready to help Libya realize the right to attain civil nuclear energy.
Vietnam has sentenced 43 drug smugglers to receive the death penalty from 071128 until 071228.
8 sentenced to death and 18 for life in prison for trafficking heroin in Vietnam.
A newspaper report on January 1, 2008 that Iran hanged two convicted drug traffickers in the southeastern city of Zahedan. This brings the number of executions for 2007 to at least 297.
Government of Iran hangs 5 drug traffickers in growing number of executions. The marked increase in executions in Iran since 2006 is defended by the Government as a means of increasing security and criticized by human rights groups as excessive.
US experts report Chinese plans to dispatch troops to North Korea and secure North Korea's nuclear arsenal in the event of instability.
France seeks civilian nuclear energy cooperation with Arab States in order to isolate Iran over nuclear standoff.
Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili and European unuion foreign policy chief Javier Solana plan to hold talks in Brussels on 080123.
The Russian Federation on January 25, 2008 accused Western and Asian nations of spying in order to obtain information regarding weapons of mass destruction.
NATO Deputy Secretary General Claudio bisogniero stated to delegates that NATO members are hopeful that the Governments of Saudi Arabia and Oman will join the Istanbul Cooperation Initiative (ICI). The ICI is an initiative to enhance cooperation between NATO and Arab States in fighting terrorism, the flow of weapons of mass destruction and illegal arms trafficking.
Britain apologizes to and compensates veterans mislead in Cold War chemical weapons trials. Victims claim negative health effects and 1 death.
On 080204 India and Pakistan signed an accord to exchange security information.
UN Office on Drugs and Crime representative Christina Oguz stated that Afghanistan has done little to stop the corruption enabling drug trade and Afghanistan's institutions are too weak to combat drug trade. Drug production will be a main focus of a meeting in Tokyo to assess progress in Afghanistan.
The Consortium for countering the financing of terrorism launched in Singapore on 12 February 2008 and aims to inhibit militants' access to funds in Southeast Asia. Militant groups are believed to move between 2 and 3 million US dollars per month to fund terrorist activities in Southeast Asia.
The International Atomic Energy Agency urges Iran to clear up allegations of Iran's covert nuclear weapons program as the United Nations Security Council imposed new sanctions against the government of Iran.
Iran warns that new UN resolution against Iran's nuclear program will complicate the nuclear issue. IAEA meets in Vienna to discuss Iran issue.
IAEA meeting in Vienna focuses on Iran nuclear issue and possibility of resolution supporting proposed Security Council sanctions on Iran.
Iran Criticizes UN Security Council for imposing sanctions against Iran's nuclear program in order to appease Western countries.
Japan's public broadcaster NHK reported that North Korean exports of rockets to Myanmar had been handled by a Singapore trading company. Singapore's Foreign Affairs Ministry stated that the Singapore government will investigate the allegations.
South Africa's largest Transport Union refuses to offload cargo of arms and ammunition from a Chinese ship bound for Zimbabwe, where it is reported that the government has attacked the civilian population.
A Taiwanese man was arrested for fraud and drug trafficking in Philippines.
Swiss government announces asset freeze for 12 more Iranian companies in accordance with new United Nations sanctions aimed at stopping Iran's alleged nuclear program. Despite signing a recent controversial deal with Iran's state gas firm the Swiss government is freezing assets, banning delivery and export of dual use materials and weapons and restricting travel to Iranian officials.
A man implicated in weapons of mass destruction program was given was Canadian passport and then was arrested upon the man's arrival to Canada.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel WARNS AGAINST forming energy ties with Iran. Switzerland signed a gas deal with Iran citing the need for Europe to diversity the continent's oil providers.
On 080521 Japan passed a new law allowing the use of space programs for defense.
On 080521 Japan passed a new law allowing the use of space for Defense purposes.
Possibility of a global agreement to outlaw cluster bombs were given impetus as British prime minister Gordon Brown called for a total ban on the use of the weapons by the British military.
The Federal Tribunal of Switzerland ruled that a convicted Australian drug trafficker can reclaim approximately 500000 dollars from a Swiss bank account that had been seized by authorities. The Federal Tribunal overturned a previous decision by the government to confiscate the funds.
UN atomic watchdog the International Atomic Energy Agency released a report expressing concern that Iran is withholding information on alleged studies into making nuclear warheads.
Bulgaria apprehends criminal gang allegedly using proceeds from illegal activities to finance Chechen rebels.
Bulgarian federal agents broke up a criminal gang operating in Bulgaria and suspected of helping finance separatist rebels in Chechnya.
UN secretary general urges increased global effort to end nuclear proliferation. Ban stated that the nuclear Treaty must be revised and strengthened to address present challenges such as the proliferation crises in North Korea, Iran and Syria.
1.4 tons of opium was seized in Afghanistan. Afghanistan is the world's top opium producer.
An Algerian court sentenced 4 people to prison for growing opium poppies and drug trafficking. The sentences are a result of Algerian officials' efforts to decrease the opium trade in Algeria.
The suspected head of a group providing funding to Islamic extremists in Uzbekistan was charged in France after being extradited from the Netherlands.
Convicted Nigerian drug trafficker Shuaib Ali Mohammed was beheaded by the sword in Mecca. The beheading is the 66th execution announced by the Saudi Arabian government in 2008.
Australian television reporter Peter Lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in Singapore. If convicted he faces between 5 and 15 years in prison.
The Libyan Interior Ministry stated on 28 July 2008 that Libyan authorities have seized 110 pounds of heroin. The Ministry stated that the amount of heroin was the largest ever seized in a North African country.
Mexican police apprehended alleged Colombian drug trafficker ever villafane on July 30, 2008.
Georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following Russian military strikes against Georgia late last week.
Amnesty International reports on light weapons impact and urges global arms treaty preventing weapons sales to human rights violators.
The leaders of Australia and Japan launched a Commission on September 26, 2008 to press for nuclear Non Proliferation and Disarmament ahead of review of a key international atomic treaty.
President Manuel Zelaya proposed legalizing drug use to liberate Honduras's financial resources and limit international traffickers. Zelaya made the statement at the opening of the 18th meeting of regional leaders against drug trafficking.
Archbishop Desmond Tutu makes appeal at UN for member states to support a global arms trade treaty to stop the casualties worldwide which result from the uncontrolled small arms trade.
West African nations committed to combating drug trafficking at a conference hosted in Cape Verde on October 29, 2008.
Denmark's foreign intelligence admitted that claims made in 2003 that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction were incorrect, yet Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen stated that weapons of mass destruction were not the reason Denmark entered the war in Iraq.
A statement released by the French foreign ministry said the European Union expressed strong concern on November 7, 2008 over Russia's decision to deploy missiles on the EU's enclave of Kaliningrad.
President Oscar Arias Sanchez of Costa Rica called for a global reduction of military spending as a matter of international security on November 19, 2008. Costa Rica is an unarmed state.
The Hindu forum of Britain urged the Government of the United Kingdom to stop any British charity from sending funds abroad for terrorism targeting India.
Chinese officials deny allegations that the cyber attack of French government websites is linked to a diplomatic dispute with the Government of France regarding Tibet. The cyber attack occurred after the French president Sarkozy's meeting with the Dalai Lama angered the Chinese government.
Myanmar authorities arrested 308 people in 207 cases in November 2008 in an effort to decrease opium production in Myanmar. Myanmar government has come under pressure from several Governments including China to decrease illegal drug production.
EU officials request that North African countries adopt the EU's stricter rules on arms trading in an effort to combat terrorism. North African and European officials discuss the destabilizing effect of arms traffic through the Mediterranean.
UN for disarmament affairs WARNS AGAINST increases in global military spending, citing arms sales to developing countries and failures in nuclear disarmament negotiations.
The Japanese government said on January 11, 2002 that it had clamped down on the financial transactions of three more suspected terrorist groups as part of its efforts to freeze assets used to fund terrorism.
Ret. Anatoly Sokolov announced -- missile defense system around Moscow is obsolete and inefficient. He says Russia is not strong enough to modernize the existing antimissile system and should build new missile defense technologies instead.
Malaysia's Deputy Home Affairs Minister Chor Chee Heung calls for leaders of Southeast Asian countries to standardize domestic laws and introduce laws at a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. Some ASEAN officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. Officials from Singapore and the Philippines requested Indonesian government exert control over Islamic militants in Indonesia, but an Indonesian official denies Indonesia is a base for Southeast Asian terrorists.
Home Minister of Malaysia Abdullah Ahmad Badawi told a meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations that Southeast Asian countries must work together to stop criminals from abetting terrorist activity.
Ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the European Space Agency's program. Ukraine is considered likely to gain the remaining approvals which will allow Ukraine to join the program and share its renowned space technologies.
Embraer opened a new factory in the Sao Paulo state of Brazil in order to better compete to win a contract with the Brazilian air force.
Fathers of militants killed in Kashmir vow to continue support for independence.
Cuban biotechnology pharmaceuticals program seeks to expand to overseas markets in developing countries.
Russian military space forces put on test duty an optical tracking facility located in the republic of Tajikistan.
Italy is leading a technology transfer initiative developed by the countries which will improve the technology of developing countries. The goal of the initiative is to provide the infrastructure and good governance needed to alleviate poverty.
Russian Navy, Air Force and space forces successfully carried out a series of test firings of missiles.
Indian Deputy Prime Minister accuses Pakistan of becoming a haven for terrorists escaped from Afghanistan and permitting increasing guerrilla attacks in Kashmir.
A computer infection spread through Asian digital networks and disrupted Internet services in several countries. The virus is thought to have utilized a security flaw in microsoft software.
Philippine intelligence reports reveal group's plans to bomb embassies, U.S. corporations, and warships in Singapore and to crash hijacked planes at Singapore's National Airport. The plans were successfully stopped in their final stages in December 2001 and 15 cell members were arrested.
The defense ministers of France and India met April 28, 2003 to discuss how India can improve defense technology with France's guidance. India is expected to close multiple deals with France soon regarding the purchase of military equipment.
Officials from Pakistan and Iran meet to discuss efforts against drug smuggling and human trafficking at the beginning of annual security talks. Priorities at the meeting include a proposal to create coordinated patrols and intelligence exchanges and a plan to post security agents at border points.
Attack on shopping mall is 5th suicide bombing in Israel in 48 hours following recommencement of peace talks.
South Korean prosecutors seized 110 pounds of illegal drugs from a North ship. Several nations including the United States and Japan accuse North Korea of being a major supplier of illegal drugs to Asia. Australia has seized 2 shipments of drugs from North Ships.
North Korean media denies involvement in drug trafficking after Australian authorities seized illegal drugs from a North vessel and stated that Australian authorities are in league with the United States Government in discriminating against North Korea.
Bombing occurred in Afghanistan as attacks by insurgents increase in recent days. Officials have not named party responsible but have previously blamed Taliban and their allies for attacks in the region.
Albanian Luan Krasniqi has been convicted and sentenced in absentia for weapons trafficking. Krasniqi was captured in Macedonia on an international arrest warrant.
In September 2007 Jordan signed an accord with the United States aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the Jordan's nascent nuclear program. In December Jordan's King Abdullah II appointed a new top energy official.
South Korea's incoming government denied that South Korea is considering participating in a United program aimed at stopping the spread of weapons of mass destruction by countries such as North Korea.
The Brazilian Government is seeking to buy military technology from France that could help Brazil build a nuclear submarine. It also wants to establish a strategic partnership with France involving exchange of experiences and knowledge and hopes to discuss deals involving France's Rafale fighter jet and the Cougar cargo helicopter.
International Atomic Energy Agency director ElBaradei says the biggest danger facing the world is not new nuclear States but the risk of extremist groups obtaining atomic weapons.
The Vienna Forum which ends on February 15, 2008 has revealed that organ trafficking is becoming a prominent issue. Among one of the conclusions from the Vienna Forum is that top transplant surgeons are involved in the trade.
The United Kingdom's Foreign Office released an early version of a 020000 dossier of prewar intelligence on Iraq that became vital to Tony Blair's case for going to war in Iraq.
A bomb blast killed 2 North Atlantic Treaty Organization soldiers in eastern Afghanistan and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization announced the seizure of 400 million United States dollars worth of opium in the south of Afghanistan.
Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos stated to the main world disarmament body in Geneva that Colombian police have found computer evidence indicating the FARC movement has been attempting to obtain radioactive material to build dirty bombs. Santos stated the FARC movement was apparently negotiating for radioactive material.
Colombia's Vice President Francisco Santos stated to the world disarmament body on March 4, 2008 that police found computer evidence indicating the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia has been trying to obtain radioactive material for dirty bombs to threaten Latin America.
Colombia is worried about rebel plan involving obtaining uranium but has no evidence of plot for dirty bomb.
An appeals court in Vietnam has sentenced an Australian woman to death for heroin trafficking overturning her original sentence of life imprisonment. The woman apprehended at the Ho Chi Minh City Airport states she was hired by an unidentified man to ship the heroin to Australia.
Vietnam's President Nguyen Minh triet commuted the death sentence for British citizen Le Manh Luong to life in prison. Luong was sentenced to death for involvement in a heroin trafficking ring.
A parliamentary commission report said on April 9, 2008 that money from drug trafficking in Bulgaria has been used to fund terrorist groups.
25 members of the Muslim Brotherhood were convicted and sentenced to jail time while 15 members were acquitted. The charges against members of the Muslim Brotherhood included money laundering and terrorism.
South African government officials will not intervene to disallow Chinese arms shipment to Zimbabwe despite volatile political situation following contested presidential election. South African officials approved transit of the arms shipment to Zimbabwe stating it cannot act unilaterally to prevent a trade deal between 2 countries.
The South African Government stated on April 4, 2008 that the South African Government will probably not stop the arms shipment head to Zimbabwe. This decision is controversial because Zimbabwe is currently politically unstable.
The United Nations Security Council passed a resolution on April 25, 2008 that will keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of terrorists.
The United Nations Security Council unanimously approved a resolution urging increased efforts to keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of terrorists and black marketeers.
A leading arms expert stated that China's improved nuclear arsenal raises questions about the Chinese government's future arms control efforts. The expert praised Beijing officials for decreasing sales of weapons abroad.
Japan's lower house APPROVES BILL allowing use of space programs in national defense. The legislation is the most recent effort by Japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space.
7 NATO allies to sign agreement to create a cyber Defense Research Center in Estonia. Experts from NATO member states will be recruited to conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist allies with response to the growing threat of cyber attack.
NATO CONSIDERS cyber attacks a threat to military and civilian computer networks after the Estonian Government was struck by cyber attacks in 2007. NATO allies have signed an agreement to fund a research center to bolster defenses against cyber attacks.
Russia proposes cooperation with India and China to increase security around Afghanistan to block drug supplies. Afghanistan is 1 of the world's major opium producers and supplies Western markets through transit countries such as Russia.
Russian Federation President Dmitry Medvedev promised on May 15, 2008 to provide funding for Russia's nuclear missile program.
Expert states that Iranian missile launch photo was doctored to show failed 4th missile launching.
More than 40 nations, including Israel and Arab States, agreed Sunday to work for a zone free of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East.
Austrian French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner told members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe that a European arms control treaty limiting the number of weapons that can be deployed west of the Ural Mountains must be maintained.
Russian prosecutors have sent the case against ANAR Godzhayev to court after charging Godzhayev with attempting to smuggle tantalum powder to Iran. Godzhayev could be sentenced to 7 years in prison if convicted.
A U.N. representative stated that the conversion of opium resin into heroin is increasingly being done inside Afghanistan but that the chemicals needed to complete the conversion are being smuggled into Afghanistan from other countries. The U.N. representative requested the international community share more information on known smugglers of the chemicals.
Afghanistan's police have confiscated 1.2 metric tons (1.3 tons) of opium during a raid. In 2007 Afghanistan accounted for 93 percent of the world's opium supply.
Estonia is hosting some Georgian websites to protect the websites from hackers.
The European Union's highest court on September 3, 2008 overturned a verdict to freeze the assets of multiple individuals and groups accused of funding terrorist organizations.
Brazil's Strategic Affairs Minister Roberto mangabeira Unger stated Brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including Russia and France to build a weapons industry.
On September 9, 2008 Swedish Prosecutor Ronnie Jacobsson dropped charges against the 3 Swedes arrested on suspicion of funding terrorism.
Russian Federation plans to upgrade Russia's nuclear deterrent and modernize the military in light of a recent war with Georgia.
Russian president Dmitry Medvedev stated that Russia's military conflict with Georgia in August 2008 highlighted the Russian military's need for modernization. Medvedev plans to have a guaranteed nuclear deterrent system in place by 2020 which will include warships and submarines.
A Dutch government investigation has found that a Russian cluster bomb killed a television cameraman in Georgia in 070000.
A Paris Criminal Court convicted nine people on October 23, 2008. This included a former prison inmate who admitted establishing an Islamic group that called for armed Jihad in France.
On 081031 some United Nation's General Assembly's member nations voted to move ahead with creating an unprecedented treaty regulating the global arms trade despite United States opposition.
Iranian state television stated that Iranian police have killed 4 drug smugglers and have confiscated more than 1 ton of opium near the town of mirjaveh.
A report by the International Campaign to Ban Landmines said Greece, Turkey and Belarus missed treaty deadlines to destroy their land mine stockpiles.
Mexican football club owner and 4 team members are charged with trafficking cocaine and marijuana from Colombia to the United States. All 5 are members of a notorious Mexican gang and have been under house arrest since October 2008.
An institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to Britain's national security as the States could provide bases for terrorists. The report stated British government must help to stabilize weak states and push for international regulations.
6 foreign companies enter into 7 cooperation agreements with Taiwanese companies in a ceremony in Taipei.
Taiwanese Vice President Annette Lu warned that European transfer of European technology to the People's Republic of China could encourage the PRC government to invade Taiwan.
Taiwan Executive Yuan may not approve Taiwanese participation in the construction of submarines sold from the United States.
China's military budget has grown in recent years leading some to believe that China is attempting to achieve global dominance.
China's Council of Agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of China's agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
The Ministry of Economic Affairs (moea) gave preliminary approval to 2 major investment projects at a review meeting on 15 February 2008. Minister Steve Chen stated the 2 projects will have a positive effect on Taiwan's economic development.
The the Ministry of Economic Affairs (moea) approved lingsen precision industries, King yuan electronics, IC Assembly company Sigurd Corp. and Siliconware precision industries for Chinese investment.
The process to try to control and reduce arms in the embattled Balkans was formally launched in Bonn, Germany, when foreign ministers, ambassadors and representatives of international organizations and observer nations met to discuss what form further talks should take.
Indian officials seize missile assembly line from the North Korean vessel the kuwolsan on 30 June 1999. The discovery heightens suspicions of North Korean weapons proliferation.
China confirmed on January 23, 2007 after 12 days of silence that China had fired a guided missile into space to destroy one of its satellites. The test caused protests from the United States and other nations.
The interior ministry said Saudi police have arrested 10 men and accused them of collecting donations to fund terrorist acts outside the Kingdom. A lawyer and a prominent dissident said that at least seven of the men were Saudi democracy activists whose arrest was a government attempt to abort their civic rights work.
China has built and launched a communications satellite for Nigeria. The satellite demonstrate's China's increasing skill in space technology.
At least 46 people were killed by the end of the week. There were multiple attacks including assaults and decapitations, with police, federal agents and rival the principal victims.
 U.S. and European officials suspect that Iran's civilian nuclear energy program masks an effort to obtain technology that could be used in the production of an atomic bomb . U.S. and European officials may impose a 4th round of sanctions on Tehran when the U.N. Security Council considers the issue of Iran's nuclear energy program most likely in September 2007 . The International Atomic Energy Agency distributed limited copies of the IAEA report before a meeting on 11 September 2007 of the 35 members of the IAEA board . The findings reflect an agency agreement on 21 August 2007 with Tehran that Iranian officials began publicizing the week of 12 August 2007 . The accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities . According to an account by Reuters news agency the IAEA report said the work plan is a significant step forward . Reuters quoted a senior U.N. official as stating the Iranian government's efforts to enrich uranium had slowed . The IAEA report stated that Iranian officials must continue to build confidence about the scope and nature of Iran's present and future nuclear program . Iranian officials on 30 August 2007 stated cooperation with the IAEA possibly to prevent a further round of international sanctions . Iran's representative to the IAEA Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated to Tehran's Fars news agency that the report emphasized that there exists no sign or evidence indicating diversion of Iran's nuclear activities and that all of Iran's nuclear materials have been audited . Some Nonproliferation Experts stated the IAEA was ceding too much to Iran . Arms-control experts David Albright and Jacqueline Shire of the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security wrote in a criticism published the week of 19 August 2007 that the idea of closing files violates fundamental safeguards principles and that the agreement does not specify that Iranian officials would provide the IAEA access to key people, facilities, and documents that are needed to verify Iranian answers to the IAEA's questions . Independent experts stated Iran's latest agreement with the IAEA which gives inspectors access to more nuclear sites and information falls short of the West's demand to halt the production of concentrated uranium that could potentially be used for a bomb . U.S. State Department spokesman for the Bush administration Tom Casey stated that while the report may offer some new details or insight into the development of Iran's program Iranian officials have not met any international obligations regarding the nuclear program . Casey stated the fact that the nuclear program continues to move forward shows that the Iranian regime is continuing on a path of defiance of the international community . Most Western Nonproliferation Experts stated the Agreement on 21 August 2007 contained little that could dissuade policymakers in Washington, London, Paris and Berlin from moving forward with another round of Security Council sanctions . Experts stated many of the transparency issues reportedly resolved in the Agreement on 21 August 2007 should have been resolved previously . Executive Director of nonpartisan Washington think tank the Arms Control Association Daryl G. Kimball stated the agreement does not address the problem that the Iranian government is pursuing an enrichment technology and capability that could lead to the production of nuclear bomb material . Kimball stated the Iranian government's design is to deflect criticism and pressure and to claim that progress is being made . Iranian officials stated a possible reduction in collaboration with inspectors in the event of more sanctions . The Security Council has voted unanimously to impose sanctions against Iran but the penalties have been limited from U.S. demands under Chinese and Russian pressure . SOLTANIEH stated in an interview with state-controlled Iranian television that the report and the measures taken make the intervention of any other international organization including the Security Council irrelevant and unjustified .
 Israeli officials convinced a key group of nations engaged in nuclear trade to adopt new guidelines allowing the international transfer of nuclear technology to States that have not signed on to nonproliferation rules . Countries including India, Israel and Pakistan that have not signed the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty are prohibited from participating in international nuclear trade which includes purchasing reactors, uranium fuel or yellowcake . Documents outlining the Israeli proposal were distributed to the 45-member Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) in March 2007 . The Israeli presentation was made in a nonpaper that allows for official deniability . According to a letter from the Chairman of the NSG on 17 March 2007 the Israeli presentation was offered in the context of the NSG's debate over Indian officials' bid for an exemption . Among the nations that have not signed the Treaty only India and Israel would qualify for admission to the NSG under the Israeli proposal . The Israeli plan offered 12 criteria for allowing nuclear trade with non-treaty states . 1 criterion indicated Israel's status as an undeclared nuclear weapons state and said a State should be allowed to engage in nuclear trade if the State applies stringent physical protection, control and accountancy measures to all nuclear weapons, nuclear facilities, source material and special nuclear material in the State's territory . The documents circulated on Capitol Hill in September 2007 as the Bush administration worked toward an agreement with Indian officials . Executive Director of the Arms Control Association in Washington Daryl Kimball stated the Israeli document could affect the debate over India . Kimball stated -- . The dynamics at the NSG are that officials from the countries do not want to be obstacles to India which is the largest country and the United States which is the most powerful country . Consensus on India will be difficult to reach when the NSG meets in November 2007 . Israel's proposal gives officials from some countries reason to suggest an alternative approach to a specific exemption . Israel's record is good and better than India's in following international nuclear rules . Despite ties between Israeli and U.S. governments the Bush Administration rejected the Israeli proposal . The proposal may complicate the Bush administration's efforts to win an exemption for India to engage in nuclear trade . President Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice view the Pact as an important part of the Bush administration's foreign policy legacy . The deal is controversial in India and Congress must give approval . Delays in winning approval for the India deal could have a negative effect on the administration's foreign policy legacy with delay until an election year having the most negative effect . State Department spokesman Tom Casey stated the U.S. government views the India deal as unique and does not see the deal as a precedent for any other country including Israel . Spokesman for the Israeli embassy David Siegel stated the suggestion that the Israeli government is demanding an exemption or linking efforts to any other issue including the India debate is grossly inaccurate . Seigel stated -- . The Israeli government has never asked the NSG for any exemption to nuclear supply guidelines or made any Israeli-specific request of the NSG . Israel is recognized as a full-fledged adherent to the NSG Guidelines . The Israeli government has urged the NSG to consider adopting a generic, multi-tiered, criteria-based approach towards nuclear technology transfers . Some officials from NSG countries have previously suggested an approach like the Israeli plan . If modification of the NSG Guidelines were to take place along the lines proposed by Israeli officials the nuclear nonproliferation regime would be considerably enhanced .
 20080726 Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated to scholars in the northeastern city of mashbad that Iran had expanded its arsenal of centrifuges producing enriched uranium to over 5000 . The statement was ahmadinejad's first asserting an expansion since the 20080400 announcement that Iran was approaching the implementation of 6000 centrifuges . Iran articulated the goal of 50000 centrifuges operating at the enrichment plant near the town of Natanz . The international community has demanded that Iran halt the production of nuclear material . Media reports differed on the number of centrifuges ahmadinejad cited . An Iranian news agency reported that ahmadinejad stated Iran had 6000 working centrifuges but the agency subsequently removed the statement from the Internet . Another Iranian news agency stated that ahmadinejad referred to 100000s of centrifuges . Experts discounted the significance of ahmadinejad's claim in the absence of information on the centrifuges' functionality . A Western diplomat in Tehran speaking under condition of anonymity stated that the quantity of centrifuges is less important than whether the machines are operational and efficient but that ahmadinejad's assertion will hinder a resolution of the diplomatic standoff between Iran and the West . Arms control expert Jeffrey G. Lewis of the new America Foundation think tank stated that the Foundation was aware of Iran's goal of assembling 6000 centrifuges but the operational status of the machines is unknown . Diplomats and arms control experts stated that the Iranian enrichment program is hindered by technical problems . Iran has repeatedly asserted that its nuclear program aims to produce only electricity because nuclear weapon production contradicts Islamic principles . The US, Israel, Europe and the majority of Western arms control experts believe that Iran is pursuing the capability to produce bombs immediately in the event of a decision . Experts stated that producing weapons-grade uranium from reactor-grade material is relatively simple . Ahmadinejad stated that after Iran resisted the West's demands for a halt in nuclear activities, the West still pursued the resumption of negotiations . EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana recently presented Iran with 2 offers -- . A US-endorsed package of incentives to cease enriched uranium production . A 6-week pre-negotiation' freeze for freeze' period during which Iran would add no centrifuges and the West would refrain from promoting a 4th round of economic sanctions against Iran at the UN Security Council . US officials repeatedly stated that no negotiations can begin before Iran verifiably halts all enrichment-related activities but the Bush administration recently agreed to the' freeze for freeze' proposal and dispatch burns to Geneva . 20080726 during talks in Geneva attended by US Undersecretary of State William J. Burns Iran refused to respond to Solana's offers . The talks constituted the highest-level diplomatic contact between the US and Iran for nearly 30 years . Solana, burns and European envoys set a deadline for Iran to respond positively before initiating new sanctions including prohibitions on selling Iran refined petroleum products vital to the country's economy . Iranian officials refused to commit to stopping expansion or to observe the deadline . 20080726 ahmadinejad appeared to suggest that Iran might potentially halt expansion at a higher number of centrifuges that previously expected and for over 6 weeks . Ahmadinejad stated that the West had consented to the existing 5000-6000 centrifuges in operation provided that the number did not increase . 5000 centrifuges can produce sufficient nuclear material for a power plant or an atomic bomb if the material is highly enriched . 6000 centrifuges running continuously can produce sufficient weapons-grade uranium for 1 bomb in 6 months . 20080500 the International Atomic Energy Agency stated that Iran possessed 3500 centrifuges in operations .
 On 081114 diplomats stated to the media that American, European, Russian and Chinese officials at a meeting on 081113 in Paris did not reach agreement on further actions to persuade Iran to halt uranium enrichment at Iran's facility in Natanz . Uranium enrichment is a highly technical process that can produce fuel for a nuclear power plant or fissile material for atomic weapons . The 081113 meeting ended without any new measures to announce . After the 081113 meeting the French foreign ministry released a statement declaring the international community had reaffirmed the importance of the dual-track approach of engaging diplomatically with Iran and working towards sanctions . Russia and China have resisted new sanctions against Iran . Russia and China have close political and business ties with Iran and feel no domestic pressure to act against the Islamic Republic of Iran . The United States does not have close political and business ties with Iran and feels domestic pressure to act against the Islamic Republic of Iran . Russia and China hold veto power over Security Council decisions . Moscow's Interfax news agency quoted Russian diplomat Sergei ryabkov as stating that the parties struck no deal on sanctions against Iran at the 081113 meeting and that the Western countries are in favor of the sanctions against Iran while China and Russia did not support sanctions against Iran . Sergei ryabkov attended the 081113 meeting . A report released this week says Iran has made significant progress at Iran's heavy-water research reactor facility near the city of Arak . Iran's heavy-water research reactor near Arak could eventually produce plutonium that might be used in a nuclear weapon . Satellite images published by the Institute for Science and International Security show construction at the heavy-water research reactor facility near the city of Arak has progressed significantly between 080200 and 081000 . David Albright stated that Iran's heavy-water research reactor near Arak has evaded the international security community's notice . David Albright stated that Iran's heavy-water research reactor near Arak is making significant progress according to the satellite images and that in a year and a half the heavy-water research reactor near Arak has progressed from building frames to a largely finished facility . David Albright is a former arms inspector and Director of the Institute for Science and International Security that is based in Washington, D.C. . Iran stated that Iran is pursuing nuclear technology to produce energy and conduct research . The United States and its western allies suspect that Iran's efforts to produce is a precursor to creating a nuclear-weapons infrastructure . Low-grade uranium production is legal under international arms-control regulations . The latest developments in Iran's nuclear technology development show the complex diplomatic and technical challenges facing the incoming foreign policy team of United States President-elect Barack Obama when it takes on the task of stopping Iran from mastering technology that could be used to manufacture and deliver nuclear weapons . The administration of United States President George W. Bush in its last months in power has managed to synchronize United States policies with the European Union, British, French and German leaders, to press for tougher sanctions and diplomatic action against Iran . The International Atomic Energy Agency is expected to release a report critical of Iran next week . The International Atomic Energy Agency is the United Nations's nuclear watchdog agency . Due to the Act that no new initiatives regarding Iran's nuclear program emerged from the 081113 Paris talks the hopes of imposing another set of United Nations Security Council sanctions before the end of President Bush's term were decreasing . While diplomatic maneuvering is taking place Iran continues to work towards mastering nuclear and missile technology . Some Israeli officials have stated their alarm about Iran's test-firing this week of a solid-fuel, two-stage rocket with a range of 1200 miles . The city of Tel Aviv is fewer than 650 miles from Iranian territory .
 A large repository of anthrax, plague and other deadly bacteria stored in a high-security Russian laboratory complex 100 miles south of Moscow is facing the threat of loosing electricity . An official from the Moscow region's mosenergo electric utility arrived recently at the Russian laboratory complex and threatened to turn off the electricity for lack of payment . The Russian laboratory complex is a 90-building campus and served as the location for Russia's secret biological weapons program in the Soviet era . An incorrect headline in the newspaper Izvestia stated that deadly viruses from a Moscow regional depository threaten Moscow . There are no viruses at the State Scientific Center of applied Microbiology in obolensk . At the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the Soviet Union . A large virus repository is located in Siberia . Both Russian and Western officials have stated that it is unlikely that any public health threat would result from a power cutoff at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology . Russian and Western officials have stated that there is enough uncertainty that they could not be positive a loss of power at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology would not cause a public health threat . General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency . General Nikolai N. Urakov is the longtime director of the the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology . The State scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with Western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site . General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that the people at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology are scared by this threat of a sudden shutdown of electricity because it is a kind of psychological pressure on the people at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology . General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that in the event of a power shutdown at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology scientists must destroy all bacteriological experiments under way . General Nikolai N. Urakov would like the United States and Western countries that have contributed about 6 million United States dollars to the transformation of the former bioweapons complex to contribute another 500000 United States dollars per year to pay the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology's electric bills and arrears . An American scientist who works closely with the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology stated that the Russian government was responsible for paying for the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology's electric bills . Western aid for conversion of General Nikolai N. Urakov's one time bioweapons laboratory peaked in 970000 because it was learned that Iran had made offers to the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology to purchase its expertise . Russian scientists and military leaders who now depend on Western financing to destroy nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been known to orchestrate a sense of crisis to increase financing . American scientist Randall Lee Beatty is working on the conversion of the State Scientific Center of applied Microbiology in obolensk . Beatty stated that this threat to cut electricity to the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology is a crisis . Randall Lee Beatty is a Director of the International Science and Technology Center . The International Science and Technology Center finances approximately half of General Nikolai N. Urakov's budget to support about 350 Russian biowarfare scientists and technicians . Randall Lee Beatty stated that it is known that the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology has not paid its electricity bill for 14 months . Randall Lee Beatty stated that the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology is one of the important archives for dangerous pathogens in the world and it would be a shame if those archives were destroyed for not paying the electricity utility . Approximately 3000 strains of bacteria are stored at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology and many of the bacteria are stored in cryogenic casks cooled with liquid nitrogen and isolated from the environment by layered enclosures and oversize air-handling systems that all depend on electricity to function . The greatest danger from a shutdown of electric power at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology would be the defrosting of live germs that are currently preserved in a frozen state . A biological warfare expert at the Monterey Institute of International Studies named Raymond zilinskas stated that the main threat from cutting power to the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology would be to the organisms themselves rather than that they might escape . Raymond zilinskas stated that in the worst case the bacteria would be defrosted from minus 70 degrees and it would be a real mess to clean up afterward because it would not be known for certain whether all the bacteria was dead . The confrontation between the mosenergo electric utility and the State Scientific Center of applied Microbiology in obolensk is another example of how the basic capitalist imperative for enterprises to be self-sustaining can clash in a dangerous way with the old remnants of Soviet weapons science . Due to an overdue power bill in 000000 the Russian National Power Company cut off electricity to a strategic base where nuclear missiles stood on high alert . The nuclear missile silos themselves did not lose power . Armed troops marched to the substations and turned the power back on . In 010100 and 010200 the national utility, United energy systems cut power to a number of military installations around Russia . The military installations that lost power included the Russian space forces monitoring center on the Kamchatka Peninsula . In most cases of military installations having their electricity cut off the electricity has been quickly restored . Often investigations show that the tug of war with the utility forces the military to spend budgeted funds for electrical power instead of diverting money for other uses . Some of the budgeted funds cut at times have included the building country residences for generals .
 Brazil announced that the air force will begin shooting down aircraft used in trafficking illegal drugs in Brazilian airspace . The plan requires 8 precautionary steps before the order to shoot down a plane may be issued . Prior to the policy taking effect late 20041000 a publicity campaign will notify ranchers and others of the need to file flight plans . The Law to permit such an action was originally approved in 1998 but 1995-2003 President Fernando Henrique Cardoso never put the policy into effect . The United States dissuaded Cardoso from signing the decree out of concern that the accidental downing of civilian aircraft could expose the US government and companies to lawsuits . 20010400 the United States reduced previous support for operations targeting drug-running aircraft when a Peruvian jet shot down a small plane misidentified as a drug carrier and killed an American missionary and her child . Relatives of the victims sued the US government and won a settlement due to the Government's provision of intelligence and technical support to the operation . A US State Department official stated -- . US law may forbid assistance to countries that implement shoot-down laws under certain conditions . The US agrees with the Brazilian assessment that the threat posed by drug traffickers is both very serious and increasing . The US government has consulted the Brazilian Government about the provisions of US law . Brazilian Defense Minister Jose Viegas stated that Brazil has encountered difficulties in securing US support for the plan but recent bilateral talks led to certainty that the decree would be accepted by the US government without exposing Brazil to commercial sanctions . Brazilian officials have expressed hope that the policy will be endorsed by the US before going into effect . The US is scheduled to provide 10.2 million dollars in drug and law enforcement aid to Brazil in 2004 . Former air force chief and current Director of the Air Institute at estacio de sa University in Rio de Janeiro General Mauro Jose Miranda gandra stated that the measure was a courageous step by the Government but the impact may be more political than practical because of self-imposed restrictions by the Brazilian government . Brazilian officials stated that the policy would be inapplicable against aircraft with children on board . Viegas stated that the limitation was necessary . Gandra stated that the provision undermines the decree's essential purpose by granting immunity to drug-smuggling aircraft carrying children and thus introducing the possibility of kidnapped children being used as human shields . Viegas stated in an interview in Brasilia that the government will use the law to more powerfully dissuade drug traffickers who have previously entered Brazilian airspace feeling unthreatened by the air force . The Government was prompted to act due to the deteriorating public security situation with increasingly powerful and violent drug gangs in Sao Paolo and particularly Rio de Janeiro . Rio de Janeiro drug gangs have more firepower than the police and have successfully attacked police stations and forced businesses and schools to close . President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva stated in a 2003 interview with foreign correspondents -- . The policy is a matter of national sovereignty and security . Some pilots of drug-running aircraft felt so confidently immune from retribution as to make obscene gestures at pursuing Brazilian air force pilots . The constitutionality of the law has been questioned under Brazil's prohibition of the death penalty as punishment for criminal acts . Some legal experts and other commentators stated that contrary to government claims, the Statute amounts to a de facto execution of drug traffickers . The daily newspaper O Estado de Sao Paolo stated in an editorial the week of 20040718-20040824 -- the extreme measure raises ethical and juridical problems exceeding any potential benefits . The penalty will be applied extrajudicially by administrative decision of the Commander of the Air Force . This person will gain life and death power over crew members and passengers of irregular flights . In 2002 Brazil inaugurated the 1.4 billion dollar SIVAM radar system allowing the government to monitor air activity throughout the expansive Amazon region for the first time . The system uses American technology . Illegal Flights initially declined 30 percent due to trafficker's concerns about improved tracking capabilities but subsequently reaccelerated . Brazil recorded 4128 unauthorized flights in 2003 . Some of these flights were innocent violations by ranchers in the Amazon flying between plantations . Viegas stated that there was a significant increase in deliberate violations of Brazilian airspace, apparently by drug smugglers realizing that the government was incapable of retaliation . 20010400 Rio de Janeiro's most notorious drug boss, Fernandinho Beira-Mar, was captured in Colombia in a guns-for drugs pipeline involving left-wing guerrillas . Brazil's northern Amazon corridor has become an increasingly busy and essential route in the global drug trade and is used for smuggling arms, gold and diamonds . Reportedly one of the most important drug- and gun-smuggling routes in supplying Europe with cocaine runs from Colombia across the northern tier of the Amazon to Suriname . Colombia is the only country that currently has a policy of targeting drug trafficking aircraft . Colombia is the source of much of the cocaine and heroin sold in the United States .
 Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez's weapons deals with Russia, curbs on military cooperation with the United States, and plans to train as many as 2 million Venezuelan civilians to repel a possible invasion by imperialist superpowers have the United States and Chavez's domestic critics worried about what the leftist former military officer is planning . Chavez insists that the moves are purely defensive and born of an overdue need to update obsolete military hardware and protect Venezuela from nations that might want to take control of Venezuela . Venezuela is South America's largest petroleum-producing state . Chavez's domestic opponents scoff at the idea that the US would ever invade Venezuela and charge that Chavez's true intention is to arm a huge cadre of loyal reservists who would protect Chavez against any internal uprising and to pose as a militarized counterweight to US influence in Latin America . Cuban leader Fidel Castro is Chavez's his major ally and Chavez is growing closer to Castro . Chavez's detractors in the US government say that it is even more troubling that Chavez's arms purchases and indoctrination of civilian militias could be part of a strategy to restructure Venezuelan democracy in the image of Cuban-style militarized socialism and foment leftist revolutions throughout South America . US military strategists say they are increasingly concerned that radical movements inspired by Chavez could foment such revolution . The political mainstream in Latin America has shifted leftward since the late 1990s . This leftward shift is largely in reaction to the perceived failure of free-market economics . Leftists have been elected to lead Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Ecuador and Venezuela . Chavez's supporters at home counter that the United States has a century-long history of open as well as covert armed intervention in Latin America's domestic politics and say that it has no right to question Venezuela's defense preparations . Carlos Roque Espinoza Leon said that Venezuelans never ask what the US Marines are doing . Espinoza Leon is a pro-Chavez defense specialist who serves in Venezuela's National Assembly . Espinoza said that Peru has 500000 rifles and no one says anything . Espinoza said no one complains that Colombia is the most militarized country in Latin America . Espinoza said US history is full of aggression in Latin America . Espinoza said Venezuelans have to do whatever is necessary to protect Venezuela . Chavez has famously said that the Venezuelan so-called Bolivarian revolution is peaceful but not unarmed . Chavez was first elected in 980000 and has a popularity rating of 71 percent in an independent poll by polling firm Datanalisis . Venezuelan military analyst Alberto Garrido said Chavez is looking for allies in Russia, China, and Iran in order to promote a multi-polar world which will counteract US dominance and encourage grassroots Movements in Latin America to throw off US governmental influence . Lorenzo Campos is a farmer in Anzoategui state in northern Venezuela and is training as a reservist . Campos said Venezuelans want the world to know that Venezuelans are not preparing to attack anyone and that the mission is to protect Venezuela . In May, Chavez's government announced details in 050500 of an $18.6 million deal with a Russian firm to purchase 100000 AK-103 assault rifles with 30 rounds of ammunition each and the technology transfer for Venezuela to manufacture the rifles . The deal works out to $186.22 per rifle . This price is considerably less costly than the US mail-order price of $825 to $850 for the same weapon . The Government of Venezuela also intends to buy 10 Russian helicopters, 10 Spanish transport planes, and 6 Spanish naval craft . Venezuelan officials say the government is negotiating with Brazil to buy around 24 air support and training planes . Chavez has insisted and even his staunchest retired military Critics here agree that the purchases are essential to update old weaponry such as the military's decades-old Belgian FAL rifles . Retired General Fernando OCHOA ANTICH said that it is an exaggeration to say Chavez is engaged in an arms buildup . Ochoa was defense minister in 920000 when then-Lieutenant Colonel Chavez launched a failed coup . Ochoa stated that Venezuela hasn't purchased arms in 25 years and said and Chavez is not aggressively buying weapons in a way that would threaten his neighbors . Ochoa said Venezuela has never bought Russian arms before and suggested Chavez is doing it to become independent from the US . Ochoa asked why Chavez is buying a caliber of rifle which is popular among subversive forces in Latin America and stated that the political support Chavez gives to radical leftist movements makes Chavez a continental menace . The US Pentagon has openly questioned what Chavez will do with the old FAL rifles and whether Chavez might share weapons or ammunition with guerrilla forces in Latin America . The US government has provided no evidence of Chavez arming or funding leftist insurgencies . Military analysts and specialists on the Colombian FARC guerrillas say the rebels have plenty of money for weapons from drug trafficking and would not be interested in old Belgian rifles or in assistance from Chavez . A 030000 study published by the US Defense Intelligence Agency reported that more than half of the weapons seized from Colombian guerrillas from 980000 to 010000 that had markings of foreign militaries were of Venezuelan origin . The implication was that corrupt or sympathetic members of the Venezuelan military may be aiding guerrillas . Perhaps more distressing to Chavez's domestic opponents is the ideological training that critics say Chavez has in mind for the military and for new civilian reservists . Chavez called earlier in 050000 for so-called Revolutionary units to start preparing the public to resist a superpower aggressor and said the first step would be to train from 100000 to 2 million volunteers in the coming years to back up active-duty armed forces . Military analysts estimate Venezuela's active-duty armed forces number 83,000 . People's defense units would be created in neighborhoods, State companies, and the Free University established under Chavez and would report directly to the president . The government insists the reserves will support the armed forces and not act as a fifth column against a possible anti-Chavez coup . Espinoza said the reserves are not to be used as shock troops for any political party and that if there were a civil war, it would be up to each person to take their own side . General Julio Ramon Quintero viloria is commander of the reserves . Quintero said in an interview that the armed forces hope to train 50000 civilians over 20 weekends in the second half of 050000 and could train 300000 more in 060000 . Quintero said that Venezuelans don't want to be the colony of any empire and have to be ready for any possibility . 100000 reservists in 050600 engaged with the Venezuelan navy in a massive war game to repel a stronger country that had invaded . 40 employees of the state oil company participated in a similar exercise with 1200 soldiers in 050600 . Pro-Chavez circles here warn of asymmetrical warfare . Asymmetrical warfare is a term coined by US military strategists to describe a conflict between unequal combatants where the weaker side employs guerrilla tactics . The US government has given $3.3 billion in mostly military aid to Colombia in the past 5 years . Chavez loyalists fear that the US government could instigate a proxy war between Colombia and Venezuela as a way to oust Chavez and control Venezuelan oil . A senior US official in an interview dismissed the notion that the United States Government wants to invade Venezuela as complete and utter nonsense . The official said the chavista side wishes to make the relationship negative because they've made a political calculation that Mr. Chavez reached power by constantly being in confrontation with the US . Another development that has troubled the United States is Chavez's rollback of military cooperation and joint exercises . The US military had a Cooperation Office for 50 years in a Venezuelan Fort . Chavez shut it down in 040000 . 5 US military trainers and students participating in an exchange program were ordered to leave the country in 050400 . Analysts say that it is likely Chavez is trying to indoctrinate his public and armed forces . Analysts say that there is no proof that Chavez will use those forces to aid leftist revolutions elsewhere .
 Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill stated on 18 June 2007 that the North Korean government may be prepared to begin shutting down a plutonium producing reactor in June 2007 as the first step toward disabling the Unit by December 2007 . Hill is the head American negotiator on North Korea's nuclear weapons program . Hill stated stalled efforts to dismantle North Korea's nuclear weapons program could move ahead after the weekend of 16 June 2007 and 17 June 2007 when Pyongyang officials invited inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to visit for talks on verifying and monitoring a shutdown . Following talks with Chinese negotiator Wu Dawei Hill stated the shutdown has long been anticipated . Hill stated the shutdown could occur in a matter of weeks not months . The Associated Press reported from Vienna, Austria that the IAEA stated on 18 June 2007 that a team would visit Pyongyang the week of 24 June 2007 to discuss the manner in which inspectors will verify the shutdown . Hill stated IAEA inspectors will hold talks with Pyongyang officials on sealing the reactor which would include the installation of television monitors at the site . North Korean officials refused to proceed with a February 2007 agreement to begin decommissioning the Yongbyon reactor until funds worth 25 million dollars in accounts linked to North Korea held in a Macao Bank were transferred to North Korea . The money was frozen when officials from the United States accused the Banco Delta Asia of complicity in financial crimes on behalf of North Korea . The funds were wired on 14 June 2007 to the New York Federal Reserve Bank after months of disagreement over the method of returning the funds . The funds were to be sent to Russia's Central Bank before a transfer to an account controlled by the North Korea government in a Russian commercial bank . Hill stated talks will occur the week of 17 June 2007 with disarmament negotiators from Russia, South Korea and Japan on steps to recoup some of the time lost while the financial transfer was being organized . The discussions will also involve setting a timetable for resumption of 6-nation arms control talks . Under the agreement reached in February 2007 North Korean officials pledged to shut down the Yongbyon reactor and allow inspectors to verify and monitor the shutdown in return for a 50000-ton shipment of fuel oil . North Korean officials will declare all nuclear programs and disable all facilities in return for a further 950000 tons of fuel oil in the next phase of the Agreement . Hill stated the technical possibility of concluding the next phase of the agreement by December 2007 .
 On 27 August 2007 Iran and the U.N.'s International Atomic Energy Agency released a plan for resolving issues by December 2007 . The issues have been unresolved for 4 years . The plan is meant to allay suspicions about Iran's past nuclear activities . Agency officials stated that the plan is a breakthrough . On 28 August 2007 at a news conference in Tehran Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated that -- . investigation into Iran's nuclear activities is now closed . No other member of the International Atomic Energy Agency has cooperated as well as Iran . Iran is a nuclear nation . Iran has the nuclear fuel cycle . Iran will not succumb to international pressure to curb Iran's nuclear projects . Iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes . The United States and some European nations believe that Iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons . Several Western Governments and leading arms control experts stated that Iran is attempting to avoid further punishment by the U.N. Security Council . The Western Governments include the United States and France . The Governments and experts believe that Iran is attempting to -- . slow the arms control process . avoid answering questions about Iran's past treaty violations . Physicist and President of the Institute for Science and International Security David Albright stated that -- . There is no way to verify Iran's claims . The International Atomic Energy Agency has no access to people, documents, sites . The International Atomic Energy Agency loses the right to ask further questions in the future . The unusual development sets a bad precedent . The International Atomic Energy Agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan announced that -- . Iran resolved questions about Iran's past experiments with plutonium with no explanation how . Senior Fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies mark Fitzpatrick stated that -- . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan is superficial . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan draws out negotiations for many months . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan could leave the International Atomic Energy Agency with incomplete and misleading answers from Iran . The International Institute for Strategic Studies is located in London . Plutonium is a material that can be used to make nuclear weapons . The Institute for Science and International Security is a private research organization located in Washington . The International Atomic Energy Agency is based in Vienna .
 A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group shows that Iran has been denied purchases of nuclear-related materials approximately 75 times since 1998 because of suspicions the purchases could have been used for building bombs . The 45-nation Nuclear Suppliers Group is an offshoot of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and is charged with monitoring international trade to ensure that nuclear technology transferred for peaceful purposes is not directed to military use . The Nuclear Suppliers Group is composed of technologically advanced countries . According to the Nuclear Suppliers Group's mission statement countries act on an individual basis to block trades that violate export controls devised to maintain international cooperation on peaceful uses of nuclear energy . The Nuclear Suppliers Group has no enforcement power beyond notifying companies of violating the group's guidelines . The Nuclear Suppliers Group keeps data private and meets largely in secret . Most of the denials of purchase have occurred since 2002 and have resulted from interventions by members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group . The list of trade denials was made available by a diplomat from a country interested in exposing the extent of Iranian efforts to acquire so-called dual-use items that can be converted to weapons production . The list was made available on condition that neither the diplomat nor the diplomat's country be identified . The list names companies from Australia, Finland, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates and Iran that were prevented from carrying out deals because the items being sold were suspected of being militarily useful . The listed items being offered for sale in the blocked deals included Nickel powder, petrochemical plant components, compressors, furnaces, steel flanges and fittings, electron microscopes, radiometric ore-sorting machines, valves and tubing, lasers, a rotary drilling rig, a mass spectrometer and a nitrogen production plant . The Iranian end users included the Government of Iran and Iran's Atomic Energy Organization, power companies, engineering, petrochemical and oil-refining and gas companies, aircraft industries, schools, universities, engine manufacturers, mineral research centers, a helicopter support company and a plasma physics center . The diplomat stated the 75 denials represented actions by only 7 of the 45 member States . The diplomat stated the actual number of denials of sales of dual-use products to Iran is probably much higher than 75 . Western diplomats stated that the government in Tehran uses front companies to receive and convert technology to weapons production without being detected as the standoff with Iran over Iran's nuclear program has continued . Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty but not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group .
 On 8 August 2008 Russia conducted airstrikes on Georgian targets . The airstrikes escalated conflict in a separatist area of Georgia . The conflict is a test of Russia's power and military reach . Earlier on 8 August 2008 Russian troops and armored vehicles entered South Ossetia . Presence of Russian troops supported the separatist area in its bitter conflict with Georgia . The U.S., other Western nations and NATO condemned the violence . The U.S., other Western nations and NATO demanded a cease-fire . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice demanded Russia withdraw its forces . Russian soldiers remained in Georgia . Georgian officials report there was at least 1 airstrike on the Black Sea port of Poti late on 8 August 2008 . Russia and Georgia showed no indication of relenting . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin stated that war has started . Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili accused Russia of a well-planned invasion . Georgia mobilized military reserves . On 8 August 2008 Georgian government web sites crashed intermittently . The crashes are signs of a cyber-warfare campaign against Georgia . The dispute could renew a sustained conflict in the Caucasus region . The Caucus region is an important conduit for the flow of oil from the Caspian Sea to world markets . Conflict in the caucus region has lasted for years along Russia's borders . The conflict has taken place most recently in Chechnya . Russia's military incursion into Georgia indicates Russia's confidence and resolve . Russia's military incursion provided a test of the capacities of the Russian military . Putin attempted to modernize and re-equip the Russian military during his 2 presidential terms . Earlier in 2008 Russia announced it was broadly expanding support for the separatist regions . Georgia labeled Russia's support an act of annexation . Throughout 8 August 2008 reports conflicted about whether Georgian or Russian forces had won control of Tskhinvali . Late on 8 August 2008 it was unclear whether ground combat had taken place between Russian and Georgian soldiers or had been limited to fighting between separatists and Georgian forces . Tskhinvali is the capital of Georgia . Georgia is mountainous . Georgia is a rebel province .
 The official website of Iraq's Shiite religious leader the Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani was defaced and blocked in a sectarian-motivated cyber attack on Shiite-related sites . It was not clear whether the attack began on 18 September 2008 or the morning of 19 September 2008 . By the evening of 19 September 2008 Al-Sistani's website was offline . Another website related to 1 of Al-Sistani's religious organizations, www.al-shia.com, was also affected . An alternative address, www.sistani.com, was still operational . Iranian News Agency Fars stated that group XP had blocked access to approximately 300 Shiite-related sites on 18 September 2008 and 19 September 2008 . Neither the hacking claim nor an Iranian assertion that group XP was based in the United Arab Emirates could be verified independently . Several Iranian news sites stated on 19 September 2008 that many of the Shiite and Iran-related web sites that had been attacked were running normally again . A statement signed group XP was posted on the home page of Al-Sistani's web site and stated that the attack was on behalf of Sunni Muslims . The statement said -- . Group XP had carried out similar attacks on other Shiite sites in the Persian Gulf and Iraq . Group XP erased the site as group XP has done with other Rafidha sites . Rafidha means rejecters and is an insult used by Sunni extremists to describe Shiites . Al-Sistani promoted sexual deviance and an Iranian agenda in Iraq as Al-Sistani was born in Iran . Any website with material that was contrary to Sunni teachings would be punished . The statement also consisted of a youtube video clip of American comedian bill Maher ridiculing a fatwa by Al-Sistani on whether certain positions of sexual intercourse were permitted for married couples . The ayatollah's office in Najaf declined to comment on the cyber attack . Fars reported that a counterattack had been carried out against 2 major Wahhabi web sites which belong to puritanical strain of Sunni Islam that is dominant in Saudi Arabia .
 On 08 October 2008 Maritime officials and associates of the Somali pirates who on 25 September 2008 hijacked a Ukrainian freighter carrying a large cargo of arms stated that the pirates may soon be collecting their ransom . After difficult negotiations likened by several people involved to bazaar-style haggling the parties are close to reaching a deal in which the pirates would be paid millions of dollars and the ship freed . A businessman in xarardheere, Somalia named Ahmed Omar stated that the pirates and the ship owners have agreed on a ransom of approximately 8 million U.S. dollars and the ship may be freed on 08 October 2008 or 09 October 2008 . Xarardheere is a notorious pirate base on the coast of Somalia . Maritime officials in Kenya stated that critical details have yet to be agreed upon . One such detail involves the pirates' request for a guarantee that they would not be arrested or attacked by the armada of American warships currently encircling them . A Kenyan maritime official stated anonymously that such negotiations are complex and involve more than the financial aspect . On 08 October 2008 the official stated that progress is being made and the parties are approaching an agreement . The pirates initially requested 35 million U.S. dollars and then reduced their request to 20 million U.S. dollars . The pirates have consistently expressed willingness to negotiate the financial figures . More than 25 ships have been hijacked in 2008 off the Somalia coast with a typical ransom of between 1 and 2 million U.S. dollars . The pirates aboard the Ukrainian ship have stated that upon receipt of payment in American dollars and preferably in 100 dollar bills the ship, its cargo and the 20 sailors on board will be released . The original country of destination for the arms shipment aboard the Ukrainian ship is being questioned . Shortly after the freighter was hijacked on 25 September 2008 the Kenyan government claimed that the weapons on board were being shipped for Kenya's military . The ship was en route to Kenya's main port of Mombasa . The weapons on board the ship included 33 T-72 tanks, 150 grenade launchers, 6 anti-aircraft guns and a large quantity of ammunition . Evidence has subsequently emerged that the weapons were part of a clandestine arms deal between Kenya and the separatist region of southern Sudan . The deal would most likely have remained secret had the pirates not hijacked the ship and begun speaking to the media by satellite phone . Ukrainian officials have been adamant in denying any wrongdoing . Ukrainian diplomat in Kenya oleh belokolos stated -- . Ukraine does not supply or have plans to supply any armaments to the Government of South Sudan . All the appropriate paperwork has been validated . Ukraine abides by all United Nations rules and arms control agreements . Ukraine inherited enormous stockpiles of weaponry after the collapse of the Soviet Union and is now a major arms dealer . The deal with Ukraine is considered suspicious given that Kenya has mostly relied on the United Kingdom and other western countries for its supply of heavy weapons . Kenyan politicians were demanding answers and have called for several commissions to examine the situation . Southern Sudan is an autonomous region that is currently increasing its military and that uses Soviet-designed tanks . The American military stated that its priority is to ensure that the weapons were not unloaded from the ship and sold to Islamist insurgents in Somalia . The pirates have denied interest in the weapons and claimed to have been unaware that the cargo included tanks when they hijacked the ship . Pirate spokesman sugule Ali stated in an interview last week that the pirates' sole interest in the deal is money .
 Head of the U.N. drug office Antonio Maria Costa said that Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban are cutting back poppy cultivation and stockpiling raw opium in an effort to support prices and preserve a major source of financing for the insurgency . Costa said this to reporters last week as the U.N. Drug Office Office prepared to release its latest survey of Afghanistan's opium crop . The survey showed that poppy cultivation had retreated in much of Afghanistan and was overwhelmingly concentrated in 7 of 34 provinces where the insurgency remains strong, most of those in the south . The survey was issued November 27, 2008 . The United Nations found that the result was a 19 percent reduction in the amount of land devoted to opium in Afghanistan even though the total tonnage of opium produced dropped by just 6 percent . The study stated that the high output per acre was attributed to a good growing season in the south . The southern region is a heavily irrigated area where the Taliban maintained a strong presence in 5 provinces and have systematically encouraged opium cultivation as a way to finance their insurgency for several years . The U.N. estimates the insurgents made as much as 300 million dollars from the opium trade last year . Costa said a lot of war effort can be funded with 2 to 300 million dollars . The Taliban have producing an amount of opium that far exceeds world demand due to 3 successive years of bumper crops . Costa said the result was a glut that was depressing the price, which dropped by approximately 20 percent . Costa said that the fact that prices had not collapsed already was evidence that the Taliban, drug lords and even some farmers have stockpiled the opium . An increasing amount is also being processed in Afghanistan . Costa added that insurgents have been holding significant amounts of opium . Costa said the surplus is as much as 11000 tons, or more than twice world demand in the last 3 years and threatened to devalue their stockpiles . The United Nations found that Afghanistan produced 8500 tons of opium in 2008 . World demand was estimated at about 4400 tons per year . The Taliban this year are taking a passive stance toward cultivation and putting less pressure on Afghan farmers to plant opium poppy . This then supports the current price . Costa is an Italian diplomat who has served at the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime for 6 years .
 On 011006 The Citizen newspaper stated that it is illegal for South Africans to be involved in mercenary activity or to render foreign military assistance inside or outside of South Africa . The Citizen newspaper stated that the South African Foreign Ministry announced on 011005 that the South African government imposed the mercenary activity ban following reports that 1000 Muslims with military training have enlisted to leave South Africa for Afghanistan to fight for the Taliban against the United States . A report claims that Muslims Against Illegitimate Leaders has claimed that the 1000 Muslim men with military training have volunteered their services and have received the backing of local businessmen . Reports claim that all of the 1000 Muslim men with military training are over the age of 18 . Muslims Against Illegitimate Leaders is a Cape Town-based group . The report was refuted by the Muslim Judicial Council . South Africa's Foreign Ministry stated that South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of South Africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance . South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act means that no person is allowed to offer military assistance to any State, organ of State, group or other country, unless permission is granted by the National Conventional Arms Control Committee . South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act means that foreign military assistance could be rendered only in accordance with an agreement approved by the National Conventional Arms Control Committee . The South African Foreign Ministry stated that any person found in violation of South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act or any person that fails to receive permission to participate in foreign military activities could be prosecuted and sentenced to a fine, imprisonment or both .
 On 1 July 2002 former Peruvian spy chief during the government of ex-president Alberto Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was convicted of illegally taking control of the National Intelligence Service when Montesinos was supposed to be only an adviser to the spy agency . Montesinos was sentenced to 9 years and 4 months in prison for abuse of authority . The sentence also ordered Montesinos pay a fine of 3 million dollars as compensation to the State . Anti-corruption judge Saul Pena stated Montesinos has admitted to the abuse of authority charge . This is the first ruling of more than 50 charges against Montesinos which include corruption, drug trafficking, illegal arms deals and human rights violations . Montesinos is alleged to run a network of bribes . A leaked videotape showed Montesinos bribing a congressman to switch to the government party and triggered events that culminated in Fujimori's resignation in November 2000 . Fujimori is accused of dereliction of duty and embezzlement and has been in self-imposed exile in Japan since resigning to avoid the legal action from the Peruvian authorities under the protection of dual nationality . Montesinos fled Peru in October 2000 but was captured in Venezuela on 23 June 2001 . Montesinos heard the sentence at the Callao Naval Base where Montesinos has been imprisoned since 2001 . Montesinos stated Montesinos would consult with a defense lawyer to appeal .
 Recently, the Hong Kong police have smashed a transnational theft syndicate, a cross-boundary criminal syndicate and a local triad gang specializing in exploiting youngsters to commit various crimes . The Oriental Daily News opined that the recent Hong Kong police efforts to cut down 5 of the so-called Triad branch leaders or district team leaders within a short 3-week period demonstrates the police's determination to eradicate criminal activities . The Hong Kong police recently has been working closely with the Guangdong Public Security Bureau for exchange of intelligence and has carried out a series of raids and operations . During 020718-020724 the Hong Kong police cracked down on triad activities, including drug trafficking, illegal arms possession, theft, burglary and robbery, the selling of pirated and obscene recordings, dutiable cigarettes and trafficking in dangerous drugs . On 020724 the police dispatched over 100 staff reportedly stormed a propitiation dance and wine party organized to settle some disputes by 2 triad groups at a disco nightclub in mongkok, Kowloon . The police eventually arrested 3 branch leaders and 14 core Triad members . Police sources confirmed to the Xinhua New Agency on 020725 that all 17 arrested are still being detailed for questioning . Hong Kong police sources were quoted as saying that the success of the operation in netting all 17 was the result of the police's effort to infiltrate into the relevant gangs here . Police sources also intimated that more crackdowns by the Hong Kong Police on other Triad gangs will follow . The Hong Kong police's effort in fighting organized criminals involves actively cooperating with police on the Chinese mainland and in other regions . The first so-called targeting Conference of the International Drug Enforcement Conference (IDEC) far east region was held in Hong Kong earlier in 020700 . Hong Kong was chosen to host the event following the decision of the IDEC meeting held in Bolivia in 020200 . Some 42 senior anti-narcotics officers from the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Australia, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and the United States met . The Hong Kong police's internal news letter recently reported that the conference aimed to provide a flexible and forward-thinking environment for sharing information and taking positive action against the organized criminals of transnational drug trafficking . The Hong Kong police's exchange of intelligence with the police on the Chinese mainland has been particularly intense . An 11-member delegation from mainland China's National Narcotics Control Commission visited Hong Kong recently to study how the police here enforce their anti-narcotics laws . The 11-person team was chaired by the Deputy Director of Bureau of narcotics control of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security Chen cunyi and was briefed by the Hong Kong Police as led by Hong Kong's head of narcotics bureau Ip Lau Chuen on enforced actions carried out in Hong Kong . The Hong Kong police and China's National Narcotics Control Commission also exchanged mutual concerns and discussed a number of issues which included investigations to counter drug trafficking and money laundering activities . The mainland party closed their visit after meeting with Hong Kong's deputy assistant commissioner for crime Yam TAT wing and held discussions on a proposal to further cooperate in combating cross-boundary drug trafficking activities .
 A document signed by a former high-ranking officer of the Peruvian army and disclosed on 020725 mentions links with drug trafficking and could further compromise the situation of the former head of the National Intelligence Service of Peru Vladimiro Montesinos . A front-page story in Peru's national daily El Comercio said Montesinos could have authorized the military leadership at Alto Huallaga to deal in drugs so as to find the leaders of the rebel group shinning path and the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement . Alto Huallaga is located northeast of the capital Lima . The story is based on the final report of the Attorney General' s office . The Attorney General' s Office report collected an accusatory document handed over by an unnamed Peruvian army general . El Comercio said that in 920000 the government of then-president Alberto Fujimori put into effect the intelligence operation Scorpion to fight terrorism and drug trafficking in the Amazon region . As part of the SCORPION plan several agents infiltrated into the groups to gather information on the main rebel and drug-trafficking commanders . There also were additional orders for transporting cocaine as a cover for the agents . Montesinos was a close adviser to former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori . Fujimori resigned in 001100 over a bribery scandal and is now imprisoned in Lima for alleged connection with the scandal .
 A Kathmandu police officer reports -- . 1 soldier of the Royal Nepal Army was seriously injured on 29 August 2002 when a bomb disposal team attempted to defuse the bomb left at an electricity pole in okubahal near Sundhara in Lalitpur district in Kathmandu . Anti-government insurgents are believed to have planted the bomb . The injured soldier has been admitted to the army hospital in Kathmandu . There is no report of any other damage or casualty in the incident . This is the second bomb explosion in Kathmandu since the morning of 28 August 2002 when a bomb exploded at bishalbazar supermarket in the heart of the city . The explosion damaged the windowpanes of approximately a dozen shops and injured 2 customers . A state of emergency expired the evening of 28 August 2002 and the Nepali government has not yet decided to re-impose it .
 20020828 a nine month long nationwide state of emergency in Nepal expired . Violence by anti-government insurgents across Nepal has escalated and bomb threats and explosions have occurred throughout the country . At least 5 major bomb incidents occurred in the Kathmandu Valley 20020828-20020904 . 20020828 a bomb exploded at a supermarket in the center of Kathmandu city, injuring 2 . 20020829 in Lalitpur district, Kathmandu valley 1 soldier was killed by a bomb . After 20020829 2 separate bomb incidents occurred at the municipality in Lalitpur district and a shop in Kathmandu city . 20020904 a bomb exploded at the Kathmandu metropolitan office . Outside the Kathmandu Valley anti-government guerrillas have murdered many activists from the ruling Nepali Congress party and others and burned or bombed several buildings . An underground insurgent leader stated in an interview with the English language daily newspaper The Kathmandu Post that insurgents would comprehensively and violently disrupt mid-term parliamentary elections on 20021113 . 20020829 the British Embassy to Nepal warned British nationals of increasing anti-government offensives and advised them to avoid areas cordoned off by Nepali security personnel . The embassy stated that intelligence assessments suggest that anti-government guerrillas may be preparing an urban campaign to complement their rural activities . The US State Department stated that after recent bombings US citizens and interests are at heightened risk from anti-government insurgents in Nepal, particularly outside the Kathmandu Valley . 20020903 the US State Department publicly stated that anti-government insurgents plan new violence before the general strike declared for 20020916 . The Nepali government is considering re-imposition of the state of emergency to maintain law and order . Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba stated that Deuba would consult with concerned persons and political parties on the possible extension of the state of emergency . Due to the tension Deuba aborted a planned trip to Johannesburg for the World Summit on Sustainable Development and returned immediately to Nepal after a nine-day visit to Europe . 20011126 the Nepali government imposed a stated of emergency when anti-government guerrillas unilaterally defied 4 month long cease-fire negotiations with the Government and attacked army barracks and police posts .
 State-run Radio Nepal reported on 20 October 2002 that at least 3 policemen were killed and 19 others wounded the evening of 19 October 2002 when their vehicle was ambushed by anti-government guerrillas in western Nepal . Radio Nepal quoted a security official as stating -- . 3 police personnel including an inspector and a sub-inspector were killed when 2 police vehicles were moving towards Tikapur area in Kailali district in search of the guerrillas . The policemen killed and wounded were all in the first vehicle . The driver of the vehicle was also killed in the ambush . 5 police personnel are still missing . The wounded police personnel were brought to Kathmandu and Nepalgunj for treatment and additional security personnel were mobilized in the area to defend against the guerrillas . Anti-government insurgents have increased their violent activities across the Himalayan kingdom since the 9-month-long nationwide state of emergency expired at the end of August 2002 . The Nepali government initiated peace talks with the guerrillas in August 2001 in order to find a peaceful solution to the guerrilla insurgency that has killed more than 5000 people including policemen, guerrilla members and civilians since it began in the Himalayan kingdom in 1996 . The 3 rounds of talks held were inconclusive as the guerrillas demanded the establishment of a republican State, an interim government and a new constitution, which the Nepali government rejected . More than 3700 guerrillas and hundreds of security personnel have been killed since the Nepali government imposed the state of emergency on 26 November 2001 following a series of attacks by the guerrillas on government security forces after the guerrillas broke 4-month-long cease-fire talks with the government on 23 November 2001 .
 Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan stated on 23 November 2002 that the member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) have progressed in the construction of the Organization and the cooperation among member nations . Tang and 5 foreign ministers from Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan will meet in Moscow on 23 November 2002 for discussions of the SCO's construction and a series of international and regional issues . Tang stated that mechanism construction is the current focus for SCO and that preparation work for creating a secretariat had entered a key stage under the joint efforts of coordinators and experts from the 6 countries . Tang also stated the Chinese government seeks to complete the drafting of relevant documents before next year's SCO summit and to attempt to officially open the secretariat after the summit . Tang stated the SCO still faces a very stern anti-terrorism fight and cited the October 2002 hostage crisis in Moscow . Tang stated the fact that the terrorist attack in Moscow was masterminded by national separatists and regional extremists demonstrated the necessity and correctness of efforts in reducing the 3-forces of terrorism, separatism and extremism . Tang stated that all SCO members should deepen and expand security cooperation by adopting deals on jointly fighting against the 3-forces and terrorist organizations and by creating a regional anti-terrorist organization in Kyrgyz capital Bishkek as soon as possible . Tang stated that the Chinese government appreciated and supported some Central Asian countries' proposals on enhancing anti-drug cooperation . Tang stated that the Chinese Government signed multilateral anti-drug cooperation pact . Tang stated anti-drug measures as one of the top tasks of regional anti-terrorist organizations . Tang stated that economic cooperation is a key area for cooperation between the SCO members, stating -- . To gain substantial benefits from economic and trade cooperation, all Member States should strengthen political common sense over economic and trade cooperation and regard economic and trade cooperation as a strategic problem that could affect regional security and the SCO's development . Tang also referenced a volatile world situation and stated that the common and pressing task of all SCO members is to manage threats from untraditional security spheres including terrorism, drug trafficking, weapons smuggle, transnational monetary crimes . Tang stated that peace and development still dominate the current age as the general situation of the world is stable and the economy is developing forward in waves . Tang stated that the international community was watching the organization closely as more countries and international organizations were willing to conduct dialogues and cooperation with the SCO . Tang stated that the SCO should further enhance the exchange and cooperation with other parties through wider visibility and a more positive post, which may not only strengthen SCO's international influence but also reflect SCO's principles of no-alignment, not-against-a-third-party and opening-up . Tang stated that the SCO will pass a temporary pact on SCO's foreign policies at the meeting on 23 November 2002 . Tang stated that the pact will officially start the SCO's exchange activities with other organizations and promote the Shanghai-spirit of mutual trust and benefit, equality, cooperation, multicultural respect and the search for common development .
 United Nations arms inspectors on December 28, 2002 visited 7 sites in Iraq in order to search for prohibited weapons of mass destruction according to spokesman Hiro Ueki . A team of biological experts from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission visited the Yaffa juice plant of the National Food Industries Co. in Baghdad's zafaraniyah industrial area . The Yaffa juice plant is self-financed, has a mixed ownership and is a previously declared and monitored site due to the presence of some dual-use equipment . A biological team returned to the Al Kindi veterinary vaccines site as a follow-up to the previous inspection carried out on December 22, 2002 . Some United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission missile experts conducted an unannounced visit to the Al qaib warhead-filling factory in the Al Qa Qaa complex which undertakes filling of warheads of Al Samoud and Al Fatah missiles . A United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission chemical team with support from the missile and biological teams inspected the Ibn Younis center, which was a mechanical design establishment in Baghdad . The site was located within a large compound occupied by other companies and institutions including a regional office of the ruling bath Party and the whole compound was inspected by the United Nations arms experts according to Hiro Ueki . On December 28, 2002 other inspectors carried out field operations separately in the Hadre Air Force munitions test site near Mosul which is about 400 kilometers north of Baghdad and two private trading companies . Currently there are 105 inspectors in Iraq, 99 of whom are from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission and six from the International Atomic Energy Agency . The inspectors must give a first report to the United Nations Security Council about Iraq's weapons programs by January 27, 2003 .
 On 28 April 2003 France offered India long-term military cooperation on joint development, technology transfer and sale of high-tech weapons systems . France and India will sign an estimated 2 billion US dollar deal for manufacture in India under licensed production of 6 advanced diesel-propelled Scorpene submarines . French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie conducted security dialogue with Indian leaders . Alliot-Marie stated that -- . International cooperation is necessary especially after the recent war in Iraq . France wants to deepen the intensity of its defense relations with India . France will upgrade the weapon systems that France sold to India and maintain them at optimal operational use . France offered the sale of its upgraded Mirage 2002-5 to India along with technology transfer and thermal imagers for India's Russia-made T-72 and T-90 tanks and angular determination system for artillery . France agreed to -- . string high-intensity mines on the line of control in Kashmir . check cross-border terrorism . upgrade fire control systems of Indian tanks . Before delegation-level talks on 28 April 2003 Alliot-Marie had a 1-to-1 meeting with Indian Defense Minister George Fernandes . Alliot-Marie arrived on Sunday .
 French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin said on 030624 that the French Government considers the crackdown of the Iranian armed opposition group the People's Mujahedeen as part of the operations against terrorism . At French radio France Info de Villepin said that the People's Mujahedeen Organization has claimed responsibility for numerous attacks in Iran and said that this dimension of terrorism can not be hidden . De Villepin said that the arrests were a decision of justice and that there is no diplomatic factor in this affair . De Villepin said the French had acted strictly on the basis of justice and with the determination to make all efforts to fight terrorism . The headquarters of the People's Mujahedeen in northwest Paris was raided by the French police 030622 . The People's Mujahedeen accused the French authorities of carrying out the operation as part of a deal with the Iranian government . This claim the Iranian government has denied . 17 Mujahedeen members are now under judicial investigation for alleged links to a terrorist organization and for funding terrorist activities . Some 160 people were initially detained in the police crackdown of over 10 of the People's Mujahedeen's locations in France . A Paris map with streets related to the United States Embassy marked out, bulletproof jackets, transmission equipment, more than 200 computers and about 9 million US dollars in cash were seized during the police raids . The People's Mujahedeen has been classified by the United States, the European Union and Iran as a terrorist organization . The People's Mujahedeen was formed in the 1960s by college-educated young Iranians and was described as an Islamic leftist Organization . The People's Mujahedeen staged terrorist attacks inside Iran in the 1970s and killed several US military personnel and civilians working on defense projects in Teheran . The People's Mujahedeen was part of the broad coalition that initially supported the Iranian Revolution and participated in the takeover in 790000 of the US embassy in Teheran . The People's Mujahedeen fell out with the Government and has built military bases in Iraq and political bases in Europe since the 1980s . The People's Mujahedeen in recent years claimed responsibility for the assassination of several persons in the Iranian regime . These assassinations include that of the Teheran Evin prison's former director assodalah Ladjevardi in August 980800 and of former Commandant in chief of the Iranian army General Ali Sayad Chirazi in 990400 .
 Australian Government is hesitating at using Australian military to intercept the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)' s vessels suspected of trafficking weapons or drugs . Australian Prime Minister John Howard was quoted on 9 July 2003 by the Australian Associated Press as stating that the Australian government is not at this stage considering military contributions . Howard stated the Australian government is considering ways and means of dealing with a very big problem and the Australian Government must choose descriptors and words sensibly because the Australian government is dealing with a volatile issue and a country that is not operating according to Convention . Howard referenced future talks with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and South Korean President Roh Woo-hyun on the issue when Howard visits the region during the week of 14 July 2003 . American government has recently formed a proliferation security initiative that consists of 11 members . The Proliferation Security Initiative started a meeting 9 July 2003 in Brisbane . Members of the Proliferation Security Initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction . The American government has reportedly suggested the Australian military could be involved in stopping nations from transporting weapons both on the high seas and through Australian territorial waters .
 The South African Press Association reported on 031108 that the Brazilian President Lula da Silva arrived in Pretoria, South Africa on the evening of 031107 for bilateral political and economic discussions scheduled for the morning of 031108 with South African President Thabo Mbeki . The discussions will be held in Pretoria, South Africa . South African foreign affairs spokeswoman manusha Pillay stated that Lula da Silva's aircraft landed at Waterkloof Air Force base shortly after 1730 Greenwich Mean Time . Lula da Silva's visit to South Africa follows the second meeting of the South Africa-Brazil Joint Commission held in Pretoria in 030500 . The Joint Commission was jointly chaired by South African Foreign Minister Dlamini-Zuma and Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim . Dlamini-Zuma participated in the Brazil-Africa Forum in Fortaleza, Brazil, in 030600 . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that The historic and strategic India-Brazil-South Africa agreement which resulted from the Brazil-Africa Forum had outlined plans for trilateral political and economic cooperation between India, Brazil and South Africa . India, Brazil and South Africa formed part of a group at recent World Trade Organization negotiations, which advocated support for the development agenda of under-developed countries . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that relations between South Africa and Brazil were strategic in the sense that Brazil had the largest population of people of African origin outside the continent of Africa . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that South Africa and Brazil shared opinions on a variety of global issues including the importance of multi-lateralism and the expansion of the United Nations Security Council . Discussions between Lula da Silva and Thabo Mbeki would also address new threats to international security such as terrorism, drugs, illegal weapons trafficking and AIDS . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that Brazil is South Africa's largest trading partner in Latin America . Trade between Brazil and South Africa totaled 696 million United States dollars in 020000 and 296 million United States dollars more in the trade balance going to Brazil . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that the South African delegation is to brief the Brazilians on progress with the African Union and the New Partnership for Africa' s development .
 On 040403 visiting French President Jacques Chirac became the first Western leader to visit the top-secret Russian Titov test and control space center . Chirac flew into Krasnoznamernsk for a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the space center . Putin and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov greeted Chirac at the space center some 40 km southwest of Moscow in Krasnoznamernsk . The closed Soviet-era military facility was founded in 570000 and collects and analyzes all information gathered from Russia's military spy satellites . The space center is also involved in launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles and is working on a plan to develop defensive early warning systems . Putin held two-hour meeting with Chirac . Russian Space Forces Commander Lt. Gen. Vladimir Popovkin reported to Chirac and Putin and said it is one of Russia's priorities to expand space cooperation with France . France is a leader in the European Space Agency . Chirac's visit has come while the Russian Government has displayed uneasiness about NATO's latest expansion to the Russian borders and the European Union's imminent enlargement within the former Soviet sphere of influence in Eastern Europe . At the press conference following the meeting Putin said that Russia's activities in defending national security are non-aggressive and not targeted against anyone . The Titov space center is a military facility and is run by Russian space forces and operates under tight security . Putin said Chirac's visit there indicated that Russia is developing the most advanced systems of weapons but finds it possible to acquaint its French partners with these projects . Putin stressed that this points to Russia's transparency and openness in security matters .
 ABS-CBN news channel reported on April 7, 2004 that the Philippine Immigrations Bureau's record showed that at least 2 high-profiled terrorist suspects had most likely been staying in the country . ABS-CBN News Channel stated that one of the two suspects was identified as Isamudin Raduan Hambali . Hambali was allegedly the mastermind of the Bali bombings in 2002 . The Philippine Immigrations Bureau record showed Hambali was allowed to enter and leave the Philippines in 2001 . Hambali was blacklisted as the most wanted terrorist in Asia . Hambali was arrested in Thailand in February 2004 and in 2007 . The Immigrations Bureau stated that they only recently received intelligence reports on Hambali's record in the country . According to the records Osama bin Laden's brother Sheik Mohammed Khalid has been able to travel in and out of the country a number of times . Sheik Mohammed Khalid is allegedly funding terrorist networks in the Philippines . The military and police have been placed on high alert for the holy week starting April 5, 2004 . 6 Abu Sayyaf suspects were captured last week in separate raids in Metro Manila . The suspects' plot to launch terrorist attacks allegedly as devastating as the Madrid bombings in Spain was foiled . President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo said in a statement on April 7, 2004 that the government is closely watching foreigners in the country who may have taught the local rebels and terrorists to make bombs or have laundered money from the al-Qaeda terrorist group . ABS-CBN news channel is a local television station in Manila .
 In an interview with Dieter stolte on 29 April 2004 Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stated that the governments of China and Germany should establish solid cooperation, enhance consultations on major international issues and further strengthen trade and technological exchanges . Wen was interviewed before his imminent visit to Europe by the publisher of Die Welt . Wen is scheduled to visit 5 European nations including Germany starting 2 May 2004 . Wen stated that the Chinese people are familiar with Germany particularly due to the profound influence of Karl Marx on China's revolution and economic construction . Wen stated that many world-renowned thinkers, writers, philosophers and artists are German . Wen stated that forerunner of German classic philosophy Gottfried leibnitz called China's Confucian thought an influence on the Enlightenment movement in 18th century Germany . Wen stated that the purpose of his visit to Germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges . The governments of China and Germany are expected to further increase cooperation in this regard . Wen spoke of his brief visit to Frankfurt during a tour of Nordic nations in 1988 and stated that the friendship between China and Germany is sincere, active and fruitful . Wen pledged to establish a development goal for Sino-German relations stating that mutual trust constitutes the foundation of bilateral relations . Wen stated that trade between China and Germany has amounted to 41.8 billion U.S. dollars totaling one-third of China-Europe trade volume . Wen stated that both China-German and China-Europe trade are expected to double by 2010 . Wen stated that the governments of China and Germany plan close cooperation in high-tech research and development and among medium and small-sized enterprises . Wen stated that it is important to create channels for settling trade disputes between the 2 countries and that China and Germany should address each other's concerns . China considers Germany the most important trade partner of Europe . To support this statement Wen cited that 600 of the 7000 Chinese enterprises that invest internationally are in Germany . Wen stated that the Government of China will support enterprises which invest in Germany with loans, insurance, foreign exchange, finance and investment . Chinese investment in Germany is much less than German investment in China since China has only recently started investing in this respect . Wen stated that German investment projects in China have exceeded 3500 with total investment near 10 billion U.S. dollars . Some German firms such as Volkswagen, Siemens and Daimler-Chrysler have a reputation for high quality and efficiency . Wen stated that Chinese enterprises can make progress and learn modern management by cooperating with German partners . Wen stated that Germany is China's closest European partner in technology transfer . Wen stated that China considers Sino-EU relations a crucial part of China's diplomatic strategy and that China and Europe developed a comprehensive strategic partnership in 2003 . Wen stated that he was optimistic that the EU would lift the arms embargo on China soon and would give China market economy status . Wen stated that the arms embargo is an outdated result of the cold war . Wen stated that China is deeply concerned with the current situation in Iraq and is sympathetic to the Iraqi people . Wen stated that China and Europe have similar positions on the issue of Iraq's reconstruction . Wen stated that the United Nations should play a dominant role in the process of Iraq's reconstruction and that every country should participate . Wen stated that China is willing to participate in Iraq's reconstruction process . Wen stated that it is easy to win a war but much more difficult to win peace . Wen stated that he is deeply worried about the increasing tension between Palestine and Israel and that the Chinese government hopes the disputes between the 2 countries can be resolved through political negotiation so that the countries can peacefully share land . With regard to the situation in Palestine and Israel Wen stated that relevant UN resolutions must be implemented . Wen stated that the Chinese government supports plans for peace in the Middle East and remains firmly opposed to violent retaliation . When asked to comment on how to temper China's rapidly growing economy and how to realize balanced growth Wen stated that the Chinese economy is very healthy in general with fast growth, increasing corporate profits, improving agricultural production, expanding foreign trade volume and rapidly growing fiscal revenue and individual incomes . In order to restrict the excessive fixed asset construction that caused a rise in capital good prices and strained the supply of coal, electricity, oil and transportation, the Chinese government will increase its macro economic control and employ all necessary administrative methods . Wen stated that the Chinese government will control the loan and land supply and will advance reform in the structural and systematic causes of current economic problems . With regard to the issue of social balance Wen stated that China's new leadership has begun to resolve problems of coordination between urban and rural development and between different regions and has focused on balancing economic growth with social progress, domestic construction with external works, and development with respect for nature . When asked to comment on German Federal Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's promise to support sale of nuclear fuel from Hanau to China Wen stated that cooperation between China and Germany in this field is exclusively for peaceful utilization of nuclear energy with equality and mutual benefits .
 China and Kyrgyzstan agreed in a joint communique that terrorism, separatism and extremism still pose major threats to regional security and stability . The communique was signed by visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Kyrgyz counterpart Nikolai Tanayev on 040922 . The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan will strengthen coordination and cooperation among the relevant authorities in accordance with the Shanghai Convention on Combating Terrorism, separatism and extremism and the China-Kyrgyzstan Agreement on cooperation in combating terrorism, separatism and extremism . The communique added that China and Kyrgyzstan will continue to adopt strong measures within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) in jointly fighting all forms of terrorism in order to maintain peace and tranquillity in China and Kyrgyzstan and in the region as a whole . China and Kyrgyzstan agree that the crackdown on the terrorist force of Eastern Turkistan is a major part of the international anti-terrorism campaign . The so-called Eastern Turkistan terrorist group comprises a number of secession-minded terrorist cells . The communique said that China and Kyrgyzstan agree to promote consultations and cooperation on issues of common concern within the framework of the United Nations and other international organizations . China and Kyrgyzstan said in the communique that peace, stability and a just and rational world political and economic order should be established on the basis of the UN Charter and norms and principles of international law . China and Kyrgyzstan also agree that international disputes should be solved by peaceful means and the United Nations should play a leading role in safeguarding peace and security in the world and efforts should be made to diversify modes of development . China and Kyrgyzstan further agree in the communique that the Shanghai Cooperation Organization's purposes and principles conform to reality and the development trend and the SCO's activities are conducive to regional peace and stability . The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan are willing to work together with other members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and take effective measures in fighting terrorism, separatism, extremism, drug trafficking, illegal immigration and cross-border crimes . The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan are also ready to expand cooperation in economy and other fields with other SCO members, promote the relations between the SCO and other countries and international organizations, and strengthen the SCO's role in maintaining regional and global peace and development .
 Media reports stated on 10 October 2004 that Vietnamese and German officials have pledged to further Vietnamese and German relations in such fields as investment, trade and technology and to support each other in the United Nations (UN) . German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder attended the 5th Asia-Europe Meeting summit in Hanoi on 8 October 2004 and 9 October 2004 . During separate talks and meetings with Schroeder held on 9 October 2004 Vietnamese leaders stated that the Vietnamese government supports the German government's bid for a permanent seat in the UN Security Council and wants to strengthen Vietnamese relations with Germany . Vietnamese Prime Minister Phan Van Khai stated that the visit by Schroeder is important to the Vietnam-German relationship and the closer cooperation between the 2 continents . Vietnamese and German officials signed 5 documents on financial, technical and business cooperation totaling over 260 million US dollars . The documents cover financial cooperation for 2 stages in the 2003-2005 period and the purchase of 16 locomotives for the Vietnam Railway Corporation and equipment for a local cement plant . Vietnamese State President Tran Duc Luong stated in a meeting with Schroeder that the Vietnamese Government would like to receive more technology transfer and experience from Germany and that Vietnam is developing under the industrialization process . Schroeder stated that German officials attach great importance to Vietnam in an attempt to strengthen bilateral ties . The German Government supports the Vietnamese government's bid for a non-permanent membership of the UN Security Council in the 2008-2009 term and encourages small- and medium-sized German enterprises to do business with Vietnam . The German government offered the Vietnamese government official development assistance worth more than 480 million dollars in the 1990-2003 period primarily for poverty reduction, agriculture development, healthcare and economic reforms . The Vietnam-Germany trade volume rose 7.7 percent in 2003 to reach 1.4 billion dollars, of which 815.4 million dollars came from Vietnamese exports .
 In 2004 Hong Kong tertiary institutes actively contributed to improved relations between Hong Kong and mainland China in the research and development of high technology . Hong Kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland China to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer . In June 2004 Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) joined national university science and technology park of the Virtual University Park in Shenzhen, China becoming the first tertiary institution of Hong Kong to establish research centers and training facilities in mainland China . President of PolyU Poon Chung-kwong stated that both public and private sectors in Hong Kong are strengthening connections with mainland China in various areas . Poon stated that cooperation between Hong Kong and mainland China will facilitate universities to more effectively promote technology transfer and human resources development in the mainland creating positive results for both Hong Kong and China . City University of Hong Kong (CityU) and the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) in Anhui province signed an agreement in June to jointly establish a high level joint research center in Suzhou . The University of Science and Technology of China is a university established by the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) . The agreement is based on the principle of mutually beneficial collaboration in which both universities complement each other's strengths in working together on joint research projects, supervision and teaching of research students and in administering professional training opportunities . In addition to partnering with education institutes Hong Kong universities have also joined large-scale high technology exchange programs in mainland China in order to enhance communication between the mainland and Hong Kong in the discipline . The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) demonstrated its latest achievements in research and development at the 6th annual China Hi-Tech Fair (CHTF) held in Shenzhen in October 2004 . HKUST demonstrated more than 30 new technologies and products covering a wide range of technologies including nanotechnology, multimedia, logistics and RFID technology, advanced manufacturing, and biotechnology . HKUST also collaborated with a prominent mainland manufacturer on the development of a nanomaterial-based high-capacity lithium battery . This collaboration is the most recent in a series of successful technology transfer agreements reached by HKUST . HKUST President Paul Ching-Wu Chu stated -- . HKUST is increasing funding to research new technologies required by industry in the Pearl River Delta . The University will continue to leverage its extensive relationships with international research institutions and multi-national corporations to enhance the development of advanced technologies which can find immediate practical application in China .
