The International Atomic Energy Agency reached an agreement with Iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities. U.S. and European officials suspect that Iran's civilian nuclear energy program masks an effort to obtain technology that could be used in the production of an atomic bomb.
Documents outlining the Israeli proposal to allow the international transfer of nuclear technology to States that have not signed on to nonproliferation rules were distributed to the Nuclear Suppliers Group. The proposal may complicate the Bush administration's efforts to win an exemption for India to engage in nuclear trade.
Ahmadinejad announces expansion of Iranian uranium-producing capability. Iran refuses commitment to halt expansion but hints a possible future halt.
A diplomatic meeting in Paris concludes with no agreement on further steps to pressure Iran to halt uranium enrichment at Iran's facility in Natanz.
A high-security Russian laboratory complex storing anthrax, plague and other deadly bacteria faces loosing electricity for lack of payment to the mosenergo electric utility.
Brazil to implement law allowing air force to target drug trafficking aircraft in Brazilian airspace. US concerned over liability in the event of misidentification of a civilian plane.
The Venezuelan president's weapons deals with Russia, curbs on military cooperation with the United States, and his plans to train as many as 2 million Venezuelan civilians to repel a possible invasion by superpowers have the US and his domestic critics worried.
The North Korean government may be prepared to begin shutting down a plutonium producing reactor in June 2007 as the first step toward disabling the Unit by December 2007.
Leading arms control experts criticize a new nuclear activities plan released by Iran and the U.N.'s International Atomic Energy Agency as ineffectual and dangerous.
A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group shows that Iran has been denied purchases of nuclear-related materials approximately 75 times since 1998 because of suspicions the purchases could have been used for building bombs.
On 8 August 2008 Russia conducted airstrikes on Georgian targets. The airstrikes escalated conflict in a separatist area of Georgia.
Iranian News Agency Fars stated that hackers known as group XP defaced or blocked 100s of Shiite-related websites. The official website of Iraq's Shiite leader the Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani was among the websites defaced and blocked. Group XP stated on the defaced website that any website that contained material contrary to Sunni teachings would be hacked.
Somali pirates who hijacked a Ukrainian freighter carrying a large cargo of arms are approaching a deal for the ship's release. Questions have emerged regarding the shipment of arms en route to Kenya and of a possible clandestine arms deal between Kenya and South Sudan.
Head of the U.N. drug office Antonio Maria Costa said that Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban are cutting back poppy cultivation and stockpiling raw opium in an effort to support prices and preserve a major source of financing for the insurgency.
The South African government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of South Africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
Former Peruvian spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos convicted of illegally taking control of the National Intelligence Service during ex-President Fujimori's tenure. Montesinos has been sentenced to 9 years and 4 months for the conviction. Montesinos plans to appeal the sentence.
Hong Kong police making efforts to prevent triads or transnational criminal syndicates to engage in criminal activities.
Peruvian military document discloses former intelligence head Montesinos' links with drug trafficking.
Soldier injured during bomb defusion in Kathmandu after state of emergency expires.
Anti-government insurgents in Nepal escalate bombings and murders following end of state of emergency. Insurgents plan attacks during mid-term parliamentary elections.
Several policemen killed and wounded by guerrillas in Nepal following a breakdown in peace talks between guerrillas and the Nepali government.
Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan reports that the member countries of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization will proceed with the construction of the SCO and begin anti-terrorism discussions at a meeting in Moscow on 23 November 2002.
On December 28, 2002 United Nations inspectors searched 7 Iraqi sites for banned weapons.
France and India will sign an estimated 2 billion US dollar deal for manufacture in India under licensed production of 6 advanced diesel-propelled Scorpene submarines. French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie conducted security dialogue with Indian leaders about the deal.
The French foreign minister characterizes recent raids on People's Mujahedeen in Paris as part of fight on terrorism.
Despite pressure from the United States and the creation of the Proliferation Security Initiative, Australian Prime Minister John Howard is hesitant to use military force to intercept suspected drug- or weapon-smuggling vessels belonging to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Brazilian President Lula da Silva arrived in Pretoria, South Africa on 031107 for bilateral political and economic discussions with South African President Thabo Mbeki scheduled for 031108.
French President Jacques Chirac became the first Western leader to visit the top-secret Russian Titov test and control space center in Krasnoznamernsk.
Philippine Immigrations Bureau's record showed that two high-profiled terrorist suspects had most likely been staying in the Philippines.
Chinese premier discusses plans for broad cooperation with important trade partner Germany ahead of European visit. Wen states that the main purpose of the Germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
China and Kyrgyzstan pledge to make joint efforts to crack down on terrorism and other threats to regional and global security.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder attended meetings with Vietnamese government leaders after the 5th Asia-Europe Meeting summit in Hanoi. German and Vietnamese officials signed 5 documents on financial, technical and business cooperation totaling over 260 million dollars.
Hong Kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland China to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer.
