 Turkey 's tragic loss of at least 47 people in the car bombings in the border town of Reyhanli illustrates vividly that Turkey is not immune to the raging violence next door  . Turkey has suffered similar , though far less deadly events in the past year , including Syria downing a Turkish jet , the killing of five Turks in cross-border artillery fire and a car bomb blast at a Turkey-Syria border crossing in February killing more than a dozen people  . Read more : Turkey blames Marxists with Syrian links for bombings  . It is also hosting more than 400,000 largely Sunni Syrian refugees at a cost of $ 1.5 billion and counting  . The United Nations estimates that number of refugees will triple by the end of this year  . Moreover , it is a critical staging post and a logistical lifeline for opposition fighters against the leadership of Bashar al-Assad in Damascus  . Unsurprisingly , the Turkish government quickly claimed that al-Assad instigated a left-wing Marxist revolutionary group in Turkey to carry out the spectacular attacks  . Syria vehemently rejected the charge  . Read more : 5 reasons Syria 's war suddenly looks more dangerous  . Yet , so far , the U.S. and its European allies have publicly avoided implicating al-Assad in the attacks  . U.S. reticence towards military involvement in Syria in the wake of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and the fears of extremist groups dominating the Syrian insurgency is causing enormous consternation in Ankara  . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan will attempt to persuade U.S. President Barack Obama at their meeting on Thursday to impose a no-fly zone in Syria and to provide `` lethal '' assistance to Syrian opposition fighters  . Obama will be sympathetic but unlikely to be immediately forthcoming  . Read more : Analyst -- Syrian hostilities bring Mideast catastrophe closer  . Erdogan seemed to imply that Ankara 's response will be limited  . He insisted that Turkey will maintain its `` extreme cool-headedness in the face of efforts and provocations to drag '' his country into the Syrian civil war  . This is in stark contrast to Israeli robust airstrikes against what is understood to be military supplies via Syria to the pro-Iran Lebanese Hezbollah group  . Obama has , noticeably and repeatedly , supported the right of Israel to `` guard against the transfer of advanced weaponry . '' . Syria : Attack on military facility was a 'declaration of war ' by Israel  . Consequently , the Reyhanli incident will probably not be a game-changing development  . Rather it may intensify four visible trends of the conflict in Syria  . Firstly , the Turkey-Syria 910km porous frontier is increasingly becoming a volatile and chaotic region beyond the full control of Ankara  . It no longer affords protection against the instability ripping Syria apart and could in the future be a destabilizing influence to the immediate neighborhood , including Europe  . Ankara lacked the intelligence capabilities to track the movement of the two bomb-laden vehicles near this frontier  . Secondly , the domestic unpopularity of the Turkish government 's stance on Syria may deepen even further  . According to a recent poll by U.S.-based Pew Research , merely one-quarter of Turkish respondents favour either Turkey or Arab countries `` sending arms to anti-government groups in Syria . '' . This partially explains why Turkey is refraining from direct retaliatory measures against al-Assad  . Read more : Why Turkey is increasing pressure on Assad  . Thirdly , Washington 's leadership is indispensable to bringing order and coherence to the anti-Assad front  . Neither Turkey nor its Arab partners are able or willing to act decisively without the U.S. leading from the front  . By comparison the pro-Assad alliance of Russia , Iran , Iraq and Hezbollah act in unison to stymie the downfall of al-Assad  . Fourth , the bloodshed could feed the perceptions of an escalating sectarian fault line along the Turkish-Syrian border  . Reyhanli is located in the Turkish province of Hatay sharing the sectarian and ethnic diversity of Syria itself  . There are concerns that the exacerbating tensions in Syria might undermine the delicate sectarian balance in southern Turkey  . Turkey had boundless ambition and energy to project regional power and influence in the post-Arab Spring Middle East  . Reyhanli , and the Syrian civil war more generally , is a stark reminder of the messy transition in an unpredictable part of the world  .
 If you want to know why there 's little cooperation in Washington these days , I 'd start with a campaign promise made in 1988 by presidential candidate George H.W  . Bush  . `` Read my lips : No new taxes . '' . So , when he raised taxes two years later , quite naturally , voters , particularly conservatives , were upset  . If you want to know why so little is being accomplished in Washington these days , I 'd start with that broken promise and what Bush did in an attempt to get those conservatives back  . He carried Rush Limbaugh 's bags  . That 's right  . In 1992 , President Bush invited Limbaugh for a sleepover and personally brought his guest 's bags into the Lincoln bedroom for him  . They were not friends  . In fact , Limbaugh did n't care for Bush that much , and `` 41 '' knew it  . But Bush was seeking re-election  . He was saddled with a slumping economy and locked in a tough battle with Gov  . Bill Clinton and businessman Ross Perot  . He believed he needed Rush Limbaugh  . The party has been carrying Limbaugh 's bags ever since  . So , if you want to know when Washington became so polarized , maybe we should circle August 1 , 1988 , exactly 25 years ago  . That was the day a satirical talk show host syndicated his act and , in the process , made a lot of money and became one of the most influential figures in American politics today  . `` Have any of you heard of an individual by the name of LZ Granderson ? '' . Limbaugh asked on his show in June 2012  . `` Snerdley ? . He has not heard of LZ Granderson  . Dawn , have you ? . Brian , have you heard of LZ Granderson ? . Prior to last night I had not heard of LZ Granderson . '' . Which is n't true  . In June 2011 , Limbaugh brought me up on his show as well , going so far as to say , `` You can blame me , LZ Granderson , all you want , and I 'll take it . '' . It only takes a few seconds on `` The Rush Limbaugh Show '' website to find out those facts  . But Limbaugh is n't on the air to provide facts , he 's there to entertain  . Many of his listeners understand that  . And many of them do n't  . A 1994 New York Times article leading into the midterm election called Limbaugh `` a kind of national precinct captain for the Republican insurgency of 1994 '' and documented caller after caller legitimately asking the Mahi Rushie -- he calls himself that on occasion -- for guidance  . Not much has changed  . During the Affordable Health Care Act debate , callers were actually asking Limbaugh , a shock jock in the mold of Howard Stern , what was in the bill  . He even threatened to move to Costa Rica if it was implemented , which seemed counterintuitive , considering Costa Rica has universal health care  . But it 's moments like that when you remember that Limbaugh 's purpose is n't to provide thoughtful political discourse  . It 's to vent on his listeners ' behalf , to appeal to their censored side  . The side that wants to hear a white man say `` nigga '' in public or call a woman a `` slut '' without getting fired  . If that makes you laugh , then he 's doing his job  . If that disgusts you , well that 's his job , too  . Limbaugh has had us on this yo-yo since the moment he assumed the role of Gabriel in the Kingdom of Reagan 25 years ago  . Back then , it was only offensive , because he was the party 's megaphone , warning listeners about the impending invasion of welfare queens with his mixture of righteous indignation and half-truths  . It became destructive when listeners and politicians alike made him its spokesman : a pseudo-politician free from the burden of actually having to do anything  . Like use facts  . In rebutting the legitimacy of climate change , Limbaugh once told listeners the United States had more acreage of forest land today than at the time the Constitution was written  . That was n't true , of course , but it sounded good  . Not too long ago , he read what he believed to be passages from Obama 's senior thesis , passages that expressed a disdain for the U.S. Constitution  . Sadly , the whole thing was made up by a blogger  . And while Limbaugh did sheepishly tell listeners what he had read earlier was false , the host still found a way to justify reading it by saying , `` We know he thinks it . '' . Some folks eat that kind of stuff up  . Some get riled up about it  . And the folks in Washington ? . Well , after 25 years , they 're still not quite sure what to do with it or him  . If you 're a Democrat , do you ignore him ? . If you 're a Republican , do you carry his bags ? . I imagine it 's like that feeling you get when someone tells you something that you ca n't determine is a joke or not  . You just stand there half-smiling like an idiot  . So , if you want to know what the folks in Washington are doing about the economy , I 'd start there  .
 It 's the deal that 's been rumored since Stephen Elop joined Nokia from Microsoft three years ago , and now it 's become reality  . Microsoft is to buy Nokia , and become a phone manufacturer ... for the second time  . That 's right , Nokia is n't the first phone company to be bought by Microsoft  . It bought Danger in 2008 , which it then used to launch the Microsoft Kin phone  . That effort lasted around nine months before the whole adventure got canned and the world moved on  . This time around promises to be different  . Nokia , which was the number one seller of mobile phones globally in 2007 , had a tough few years before the stewardship of Elop slowly started to turn it around  . Watch more : Microsoft to buy Nokia 's phone business  . The Lumia range , which now includes half-a-dozen handsets , is still a minnow in the smartphone world in terms of market share , but it is slowly gaining traction  . More and more people are going Lumia  . Since its rebirth , Nokia has over taken BlackBerry in around 34 markets , according to the company , and things are looking up following the success , in relative terms , of its latest batch of Lumia handsets  . The race is far from won , but at least , unlike BlackBerry , it is heading in the right direction  . The deal will likely benefit Microsoft in the same way creating and making smartphones has for Apple  . The Cupertino-based company has for the past six years been able to make phones , market them , and sell them in its own stores  . As retailers throughout the last century can show ( Marks & Spencer , Sainsbury 's and Dixons in the UK , ) if you make and sell your own products , the margins can be higher , and the profits better  . As the world 's austerity drive continues , every little bit helps , and Microsoft will be able to reap those rewards even more once it owns Nokia outright  . So what next for both parties ? . Well not much is likely to change in the short term , but Nokia will more than likely move into the tablet arena a lot quicker  . Likewise , Microsoft 's Surface tablet is likely to be rebranded or ditched completely , in favor of something more Nokia-flavored  . Microsoft will license the Nokia name for the next 10 years  . Then there is the former Nokia CEO , Elop  . Microsoft 's CEO Steve Ballmer has announced that he 'll be stepping down over the next year , and Elop will surely have his sights firmly set on replacing him  . Elop stepped down as Nokia 's CEO on Monday to become the head of the company 's devices and services business  . He will continue leading Nokia 's phones business as the devices chief at Microsoft  . Whether you believe Nokia has done well or not , Elop has done a fantastic job at Nokia , and there 's very little stopping him  . Being a Microsoft employee will only help his cause  . Perhaps Steve Ballmer was n't such a bad CEO after all , especially considering that the $ 7.2 billion price tag for Nokia is less than the $ 8.5 billion it paid for Skype  . This deal has just as much , if not more potential  . But ultimately , by buying Nokia , Microsoft 's ambition to become a hardware company is well and truly realized  .
 A week before Barack Obama became the first U.S. president to mention gay rights in his inauguration speech , the French had already made history on that matter  . Believe it or not , on January 13 , there were half a million people on the streets of Paris , demonstrating against gay marriage  . The French Catholic church is supposed to be at its last gasp , but it seemed strong enough to mobilize parishes , religious school parents and the common conservative citizen against a project of `` mariage pour tous '' ( marriage for everybody ) , that had long been part of the new Socialist President FranÃ§ois Hollande 's election platform  . Now that the law is being debated in parliament , it will likely pass within a month , but the ruckus will have stripped it of provisions deemed essential to the gay community : the equal rights , even if they are married , to start a family and raise their children  . It may also trigger off a new culture war  . The Church would not have enjoyed that success alone , had it not found the most unexpected and efficient leader , in the person of Virginie Tellenne , alias `` Frigide Barjot . '' . The nom-de-scÃ¨ne of this enterprising entertainer , known for her long-time connection to the RPR , the party of Jacques Chirac , means `` cookoo , '' and was a rallying cry for silly demonstrations , in the 80s , against cold weather in Paris , before she met God in 2004 , and proclaimed herself `` Jesus 's PR person . '' . I saw her recently on a French TV channel while , in her trademark miniskirt and fishnets , she was debating a lesbian activist named Caroline Fourest , who asked Barjot how she felt about `` gathering hundred of thousand of people in a demonstration against the equal rights of another community . '' . She answered that she `` loved gays , '' reminding the audience she often `` partied like crazy '' at Bananas , a well known hangout of the hip Parisian LGBT crowd  . Translation : gay was okay as long as it stayed in the `` cage aux folles , '' in drag , in an entertaining margin , but certainly not in the mundane realities of everyday life , where it is way more complicated  . Indeed  . Frigide , just like a majority of the French , supported the civil union enacted in 1999 , the so-called Pacs , designed mainly for same sex couples  . It gives some rights , but does n't legitimate partners as parents  . Marriage would  . And there is the rub : adoption , medically assisted procreation  . `` What about the bloodline ? . What about mother nature , and the right of kids raised that way to know their true origin ? , shrieked Frigide , oblivious to the fact that children adopted or medically procreated with donated eggs by straight parents have the same problem  . It all boiled down , at the minute of truth , to that question : `` What about their right to be raised normally ? . she asked  . By a mommy and a daddy ? '' . Having witnessed the debate on same-sex marriage in the United States , that episode confirms one more difference between our cultures  . Contrary to the Americans who , in spite of blunt evidence , still worship the act of marriage , with its fairy-tale rituals of proposing and funny kneeling , the French have a much more pessimistic , more realistic even , vision of the knot  . But when it comes to families and raising kids , they seem to believe in the enchanted world of yore  . In America , the same-sex unions were often seen as the sinful problem , as the Christian banners , `` Adam and Eve , not Adam and Steve '' proclaimed around the country  . But children were nobody else 's business for those willing to adopt , or procreate with the methods available to anyone able to pay for donated eggs , sperm or a surrogate mother  . France is another story  . In a country where unrealistic conditions slacken usual adoption , gay prospective parents have had to act as any straight single person would , ask for an adoption authorization , and , to improve the chances ... get the child in another country  . The law debated these days may grant their partner equal parental rights for adoption  . As for medically assisted procreation , it is another problem : As of today , it is simply forbidden unless the couple is heterosexual and married or able to prove they has lived together for at least two years  . Surrogate mothers are prohibited in France , plain and simple  . Hollande himself , though he promotes gay marriage as a progressive symbol , admitted he does n't personally favor allowing medically assisted reproduction to homosexuals , and with the assent of many socialist party officials , had these corresponding measures postponed -- for parliament to decide -- as another law to a future debate , in March , or never  . One reason , besides the obvious fear of a culture war with the conservatives about sacred family values , maybe the fact that the government already pays four attempts of medically assisted procreation to heterosexual couples and does n't wish to have to extend this costly favor to gays , nor , more importantly , does it want to change at any price the national moral doctrine  . Assisted reproduction is considered in France only as a way to treat the medical condition of infertility  . Being gay is not an illness , neither is , for a woman , the fact that she has no man  . As a consequence , French babies are born en masse from single and not-so-single mothers in nearby Belgium or Spain , where specialized services are legally available for a price  . `` These children already exist in France , '' concluded Caroline Fourest on the show  . `` They were born from gay parents and they simply deserve to have it recognized . '' .
 When I learned about the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school , I wept and mourned like many other Americans  . I was also reminded of my own daughter 's death 32 years ago  . For those parents , families or friends of victims who want to see less guns fall into the hands of potential shooters , my personal journey may help serve as a path for change  . My daughter , Cari , was killed by a multiple repeat offender drunk driver on May 3 , 1980  . Four days later , I started Mothers Against Drunk Driving  . I was shocked to learn that over the past decade , approximately 250,000 people were killed in alcohol-related fatal crashes  . At that time , public health professionals considered drunk driving to be the No  . 1 killer of Americans between the ages of 15 and 24  . Drunk driving seemed like the only socially acceptable form of homicide in this country and the attitude toward perpetrators was benign , if not passive  . I also learned that probably nothing would happen to the man who killed my daughter  . So I became a grass roots activist  . As I found out , grass roots means , `` working outside the system to change the inequities within '' and activist means , `` getting the job done . '' . I started MADD because I was angry over the injustice of the status quo  . Over time , my efforts helped incite others to action  . You kick a few pebbles , you turn a few stones , and eventually you have an avalanche  . My `` kicking a few pebbles '' began in my home with the help of my father and a few friends  . Within three years , MADD developed into an international organization with almost 400 chapters worldwide , a staff of 50 employees , 2 million members , thousands of volunteers and an annual budget of more than $ 12 million  . Initially , we were mothers who lost children , but soon our membership included everyone who believed in our cause  . Before long , voices from long forgotten victims who lost loved ones to drunk driving became loud and clear  . It was gratifying to realize that many people , given a chance , wanted the same things I did  . Our small grass-roots movement grew into a groundswell that radically changed society 's views on drunk driving  . Early on , it became clear that I must seek broad and strategic alliances for MADD to be successful  . I turned to law enforcement officials , restaurateurs , legislators and civic organizations  . It was only by building broad coalitions of such highly influential constituents that MADD , during my tenure , was able to initiate a sweeping change in public attitudes and laws against drunk driving  . There is another very important factor that helped our cause : the power of media attention  . From 1980 to 1983 , when MADD was very active , some of the biggest reductions in motor vehicle deaths occurred in large part because of the media attention we were able to generate  . Jay Winsten , director of the Frank Stanton Center for Health Communication at the Harvard School of Public Health , said in a New York Times article , `` During each high media period , alcohol related fatalities ... fell twice as rapidly as low media periods . '' . Before MADD , there was little education in the schools about alcohol or impaired driving  . The press rarely mentioned alcohol involvement when reporting a crash  . Drinking and driving was still legal in many states  . Victims of drunk driving had almost no recourse in an apathetic court system more concerned about the rights of the accused  . Involvement in the judicial process was discouraged  . Victims had no movement to join , little or no legislation to endorse , and no emotional support system where they could share their grief  . The advent of MADD changed all that :  . • Governor 's task forces on drunk driving were formed in almost every state  . • At our urging , President Ronald Reagan initiated a Presidential Commission on Drunk Driving , and I was a member  . • MADD was the catalyst for SADD , Students Against Drunk Driving , started by my daughter , Serena  . • We aggressively lobbied for state and federal legislation that would raise the legal drinking age to 21 , and we pushed for laws that would hold drunk drivers accountable for their crimes  . • Between 1981 and 1986 , 729 state laws pertaining to drunk driving were enacted to help reduce alcohol-related traffic fatalities  . • Most importantly , hundreds of thousands of lives have been saved because of the grass-roots efforts  . Society no longer considers drunk driving socially acceptable  . At long last , in many cases , drunk drivers are being forced to accept responsibility for their heinous acts because a fed up public has had enough  . MADD is a good example of how to change society  . We did n't give up and neither should those who wish to see a safer world  . You can have an impact and you can save lives  . That was the least I could do for my daughter  . I feel the pain for families of those who died at Sandy Hook  . For those who want to do something about gun violence , change is n't easy  . What is needed is a grass-roots movement similar to MADD that encompasses all aspects of society  . To be effective , it must include all the stakeholders involved and reach a consensus that will make implementation -- whether in laws , increased education or other policy changes -- a given  . Ask for a Presidential Commission while the White House is focused on this issue  . Do n't take no for an answer  . Accept each obstacle as a challenge to be overcome  . Engage the media and harness the outpouring and support that is pouring in  . People need direction  . Leadership is key and MADD had that at the local , state and national level  . Develop a strategy that people can follow and provide directions and concrete steps that will guarantee successes and keep people motivated  . Do n't lose the momentum , anger and rage  . Now is the time to take action  .
 Over the past year we 've heard a lot about class warfare , the `` Buffett Rule '' and the tax code and so on  . But if you want to see a blatant form of poor vs. rich , walk into a grocery store  . Here we are forced to decide between what 's good for our kids and what we can afford to feed them  . Ground beef that is 80/20 is fattier but cheaper than 90/10  . Ground turkey breast is leaner than the other two but is usually the more expensive  . And many of us ca n't even begin to think about free-range chicken and organic produce -- food without pesticides and antibiotics that 'll cost you a second mortgage in no time at all  . Recently Michelle Obama 's campaign to get healthier foods into poor neighborhoods came under new scrutiny because two studies found her notion of `` food deserts '' -- poor urban neighborhoods where access to fresh fruits and vegetables are supposedly nonexistent -- does n't quite jibe with the research  . The studies have even found that there is n't a relationship between the type of food offered in neighborhoods and obesity among the children living there  . That may be true  . But it is also true that The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition recently published a study that found $ 1 could buy 1,200 calories of potato chips but just 250 calories of vegetables and 170 calories of fresh fruit  . And it is also true that Mississippi , the poorest state in the country , is also the fattest  . In fact , the five poorest states are also among the 10 fattest , and eight of the 10 poorest states are also among the 10 with the lowest life expectancy  . I guess one could dismiss this as one big coincidence , but is it also a coincidence that half of the top 10 states with the highest median incomes are also in the top 10 in life expectancy ? . Eatocracy : Buying food is a political act  . I do n't know about `` food deserts , '' but I do know just as there is a link between education and poverty , there appears to be a correlation between poverty and health  . In 2010 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated the weekly grocery bill for a family of four hovered at $ 134.50 ; in 2011 it was up to $ 141.20  . That $ 7 difference may not seem like a lot to some , but I remember my earlier days , when my family of five did n't have $ 7  . And when we did get it , it was used for the cheapest food available -- the fattest meats and dishes anchored by saturated fats and sugars  . In other words the kind of diet that 's routinely linked to obesity and its byproducts : heart disease , diabetes and high cholesterol  . Think it 's not your problem ? . Think again  . In 2008 , health care costs stemming from obesity were estimated to be $ 147 billion  . By 2030 , 42 % of Americans are projected to be obese , with costs for health care at $ 550 billion  . One in three adults making $ 15,000 or less is obese  . What happens when they 're rushed to the hospital and ca n't pay their bill ? . The government pays for it  . And by government , I mean taxpayers  . Today , hospitals are left with up to $ 49 billion in unpaid bills , and the government -- or rather we -- pick up 75 % of that tab  . We have fought over Planned Parenthood 's $ 363 million budget  . We 've squabbled over NPR 's $ 445 million budget  . We have even seen the General Services Administration 's $ 1 million party in Las Vegas become a campaign issue  . But nary a word on the campaign trail about the billions that are being spent each year due to this low income-obesity cycle that is not only potentially cutting short the lives of millions of poor Americans , but eating away at the paychecks of a middle class that needs that money to make healthier food choices for their own families  . It 's a vicious cycle that has a tangible , long-term impact on our economy  . The first lady was accused by Republicans of politicizing the healthy food conversation  . I wish the topic were politicized -- maybe then Washington would talk about it more  . President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act was characterized by many as `` socialized medicine . '' . Well , why are n't those same critics leading the charge against the nation 's expanding waistline , seeing as how taxpayers pay the price when the cost comes due ? . Instead , we 're debating whether or not Obama 's a foreigner and legalizing pot  . Overheard on CNN.com : Do Americans take enough personal responsibility ? . The rise of Type 2 diabetes in children coincides with the rise of child obesity and childhood poverty  . I 'm sure to some that is just another coincidence  . But to me that is as strong of an example as any of class warfare and what ails our economy  .
 What is President Obama up to ? . When it comes to immigration , it 's usually no good  . After all , this is the same president who ran for re-election packaged as a kinder and gentler alternative to cold-hearted Republicans who wanted illegal immigrants to `` self deport '' while , back at the ranch , the Department of Homeland Security was removing illegal immigrants 24/7 at a record pace  . In the 2012 fiscal year that ended September 30 , an unprecedented 409,849 people were deported  . This was an increase from the previous year and it occurred despite policy changes -- i.e. , those spelled out in the March 2011 memo by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton urging prosecutorial discretion -- that were supposedly going to limit removals to hardened criminals  . In four years , the administration has removed a record 1.5 million illegal immigrants  . And while administration officials may insist that many of them were guilty of felonies and thus less sympathetic , they leave out that under current law , a nanny or gardener who is deported and simply re-enters the country is a felon  . But there are two bright spots in Obama 's immigration record  . Last summer , the White House announced a policy change that lets undocumented young people avoid deportation by applying for deferred action and two-year work permits  . And last month , in a much more obscure change , the administration said it would ease requirements to help undocumented immigrants who seek permanent residency and must return to their home countries to do so  . These folks currently have to wait up to 10 years outside the United States before being able to legally re-enter  . But there is a waiver that gives them permission to return to the United States sooner if their U.S.-based families would suffer an extreme hardship from the separation  . Under the change , immigrants can remain in the United States while applying for that waiver  . Now Obama wants to go further  . According to the New York Times , Obama plans to finally make good on a 2008 campaign promise and push Congress in the next few months to move quickly on comprehensive immigration reform  . His plan , which he is expected to unveil in the State of the Union address on February 12 , includes a path to citizenship for most of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States  . Opinion : Dispel the immigration myths  . It wo n't be easy  . For one thing , there is the politics  . As immigration reform advocates have learned over the last 12 years , there is no magic formula  . From 2001 to 2007 , Republicans controlled the White House and both houses of Congress ; from 2009 to 2011 , it was Democrats who controlled both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue  . And either time , nothing got done on immigration  . And there is always a deal breaker  . In 2005-2007 , the last time that Congress took up this debate , the big obstacle was guest workers  . Republicans insisted on language that would have brought in a few hundred thousand guest workers to do jobs that Americans are n't doing  . Under pressure from labor unions , Democrats objected  . The result was a stalemate  . This time , the major sticking point is likely to be citizenship  . Democrats , including Obama , have said they wo n't budge on their demand that undocumented immigrants get not just legal status , but also a pathway to citizenship  . Naturally  . The GOP brand is so toxic with Latino immigrants right now that we could be talking about millions of new Democratic voters , which is precisely why the GOP wo n't go along with immigration reform if a direct path to citizenship is in the mix  . As for whether it should be , I do n't think so  . Here are three reasons why not :  . -- Illegal immigrants do n't care about citizenship nearly as much as politicians do  . Their concerns are practical , not ideological  . They want driver 's licenses , the freedom to go to work without living under the threat of being picked up and deported and the ability to go back and forth between the United States and their home country ;  . -- As long as Republicans are dead-set against citizenship , we 'll never get a deal on immigration reform because -- unlike the health care debate -- this issue does n't unite Democrats  . Many of those in the Midwest and South remain adamantly opposed to legalizing the undocumented  . So without Republican votes , it 's back to square one ; and  . -- U.S. citizenship is something special , and it has great value  . It ought not to be bartered away in a round of horse-trading  . By all means , those who are legalized should be allowed to become citizens , but only by their own effort and on their own steam  . There should not be a roadblock to citizenship , but nether does there need to be a direct pathway  . Opinion : Both parties must lead on immigration  . Politicians always play the same game when it comes to immigration  . Democrats ask for the moon and stars , and the Republicans go into orbit  . They want away from the table , and Democrats do n't have the votes to do anything without them  . So nothing gets done  . Each side blames the other  . Back to the drawing board  . The status quo is preserved  . See you in 10 years  . But , when that happens , the people who lose are the very ones who many people say they want to help -- those 11 million undocumented immigrants who live in the United States and contribute to our economy  . They 're caught in suspended animation , not belonging to one country or another  . They deserve a pathway to legal status , and a final resolution to a debate that really is n't as difficult as some make it  .
 A story this week by the Associated Press has caused quite a stir , especially among African-Americans , when multiple news outlets ran it with the attention-grabbing headline , `` Some black pastors are telling their flocks to stay home Election Day . '' . The New York Daily News ran the story , along with the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , Newsday , and a host of conservative websites such as HotAir and NewsMax  . When I first saw the headline , I was stunned , especially knowing the blood that has been shed over the years by African-Americans and others to gain the precious right to vote  . I read the more than 1,300-word story by Rachel Zoll , with a contribution from Bill Barrow  . The first line was `` Some black clergy see no good presidential choice between a Mormon candidate and one who supports gay marriage , so they are telling their flocks to stay home on Election Day . '' . Nothing in the story legitimately backed up that first line  . Anybody who had read the full article would know that  . In reading the piece , Zoll and Barrow quote or mention pastors A.R  . Bernard , Jamal Bryant , George Nelson Jr. , Floyd James , and Howard-John Wesley , Lin Hill and Dwight McKissic  . Politics : Is Obama taking black vote for granted ? . Not a single one of these pastors was quoted as saying they have or plan to tell their congregations not to vote in the presidential election  . Not one  . Several expressed misgivings about President Barack Obama 's support for same-sex marriage , and others had negative thoughts about Mitt Romney being a Mormon or the effect of his policies on their congregants  . One said he has n't decided whom he will vote for , and McKissic said he 'll go fishing on Election Day  . But not a one said they were telling their members not to vote  . The only time this assertion that pastors are telling their congregations to stay home comes from a quote , lifted from another newspaper  . The story quotes Bryant as telling the Washington Informer , `` This is the first time in black church history that I 'm aware of that black pastors have encouraged their parishioners not to vote . '' . The reporters could n't reach him to ask him about it , but going ahead and using the quote is suspect  . The writers provide no specifics , no context , or anything else  . Bryant said he was aware of this , not that he knew anyone  . This is third-hand reporting  . Unless you as a reporter know of specific pastors telling their congregations not to vote , it 's wrong to make the assumption  . Bryant even tweeted the AP after the story ran : `` WHEN did you contact @ jamalhbryant < https : //twitter.com/jamalhbryant > in order to get his statement on voting ? . you need to revisit this & be accurate . '' . Pastors recommending that their followers stay home on Election Day would be jeopardizing their 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) status with the IRS  . A pastor can say whom he or she is personally supporting , but directing their congregations not to vote for a candidate would be a violation of federal law  . So these news outlets that ran the story could not have read the piece  . If they did , they need to explain to their readers why they ran it  . When contacted about this story , the AP said it `` stands by the version of the story that we distributed , separate and apart from versions that deviated from our own text . '' . But I believe AP should thoroughly examine its internal controls because that story has other fundamental problems  . It is clear that Zoll and Barrow chose to ignore compelling data that undercuts the article 's general thesis  . If you look at any polling data , it is clear that African-Americans overwhelmingly are going to vote for Obama  . One recent poll says he will get 94 % of the black vote  . Surely , there are black Christians among that particular group  . Can AP explain why this recent polling was missing from this story ? . Surely the facts could put their story in perspective  . Second , the Obama campaign has an extensive faith-based outreach among African-American pastors , and the president has participated in conference calls with them , including one on the day he announced his support for same-sex marriage  . Political ticker : Black pastors group launches anti-Obama campaign around gay marriage  . Why did n't Zoll or Barrow make mention of that or try to reach out to them ? . That 's Journalism 101  . Last , it 's nonsensical to quote several black pastors who have misgivings about positions taken by Obama and Romney and conclude that `` African-American Christians waver over vote , '' as the first headline provided by AP said  . No , maybe those individuals are wavering , but the evidence is clear that a super-majority of African-Americans , including Christians , are clear as to which candidate they are voting for in November  . There is no denying that Obama 's same-sex marriage position caused tremendous discussion in the black community , and I have heard from a handful of folks who say that has changed their view of him and dampened their enthusiasm to support him for a second term  . But I would never offer up a sweeping claim that it is as widespread as Zoll and Barrow suggest  . Some would say this is internal journalism stuff  . I disagree  . This story has led to editorials blasting black pastors ; caused some mentioned in the article to feel obliged to come out and state who they will endorse ; and has led to consternation among the general public  . Our job in the media is to inform and enlighten , not confuse  . Running such a confusing , unsupported story lacking basic context and perspective does not serve the public at all  .
 Last year , at Wellesley High School in Massachusetts , David McCullough Jr. , an English teacher at the school and the son of the Pulitzer Prize-winning historian David McCullough , gave the commencement address  . He knocked it out of the park , and his words traveled far  . What he had to say , America was desperate to hear  . McCullough believes that much of today 's youth is `` pampered , cosseted , doted upon , helmeted , bubble-wrapped '' and shielded from reality  . He told the graduates : `` Climb the mountain not to plant your flag , but to embrace the challenge , enjoy the air and behold the view  . Climb it so you can see the world , not so the world can see you . '' . I 've had the privilege of delivering a commencement address , at a university in central California , and I hope someday to deliver another  . In fact , I already know what I want to say  . So let me try it out on the class of 2013  . Talk to college professors or human resource managers or employers  . Read the research done on the so-called Millennial generation , and you 'll find lots of evidence that McCullough was on the right track  . The young people of today have often spent their lives being coddled , catered to and spared the stress of living up to expectations  . People usually tell them only what they want to hear  . Obama to new grads : `` No time for excuses '' Not me  . I 'd rather tell our future leaders what they need to hear  . Here are 10 provocative pieces of advice that this year 's class of college and university graduates would be wise to take to heart :  . 1 ) Have your parents introduce themselves to you  . Interview them , and record it  . Ask them about their lives , and what stories or lessons they 'd like to share with their grandchildren  . They gave you life , so the least you can do is try to understand theirs  . When they 're gone , you 'll be glad you did  . 2 ) Follow your passion but be open to the idea that your passion might change and evolve over the years as you do  . Do n't be afraid to change course and go in a different direction  . You 're allowed to have second thoughts , about what you want to do and how you intend to spend your life  . 3 ) Never forget that , despite what society has told you , you 're not special , as McCullough said in his graduation speech  . The world does n't revolve around you  . And you must n't feel entitled to anything  . No one is better than you , but you 're not better than anyone else  . Treat everyone with respect , as long as they treat you the same way  . 4 ) Break out of your comfort zone  . Do what you 're most afraid of  . Avoid what is easy and predictable  . Travel the country and the world  . Meet new people and strive to see the world from their vantage point  . Stay curious  . Ask questions  . And never stop learning  . 5 ) Do n't just accept failure , but welcome it  . Expect it  . Learn from it  . Treat it as a valuable learning experience  . Remember , if you always get everything you want , and accomplish everything you set out to do , then you 've failed anyway  . Because you 've set your goals too low  . 6 ) Question authority and challenge your beliefs  . Jump into the public debate  . Become engaged  . Democracy is a participatory sport ; you take part , or you get taken apart  . It does n't matter what you believe  . What matters is that you thought your way there and can explain why you believe it  . 7 ) For those of you who choose , or are able , to get married -- and hopefully , one day , all of you will be -- who you decide to marry will go a long way toward determining your success  . It 's more important than degrees from fancy schools  . People can either lift you up , or bring you down  . Choose well  . 8 ) For those who you who choose , or are able , to have children , when you set to raise them , give them the one thing they want most : your time  . Teach them to be productive  . But more importantly , teach them , by example , to be good people , who treat fellow human beings kindly and with respect  . 9 ) As you go through life , do n't be afraid to have high expectations of your children , of others , and of yourself  . There are worse things than being disappointed because someone did n't perform as you hoped  . Like giving up on them and not expecting much from the beginning  . 10 ) Finally , many years from now , when you go to your rest , your most important accomplishment in life wo n't be the money you earned or the success you enjoyed  . The only thing that will endure , and let the world know you were here in the first place , is the impact you had on other people  . Make it a positive one  . That 's it  . Take it , or leave it  . Everyone enjoys the comfort of a warm bath  . But sometimes , what 's called for is a cold shower  .
 Tuesday 's election marks the end of an epic , historic campaign season that included witches , rallies for sanity , the Tea Party and a journalist handcuffed by a campaign  . From Meg Whitman to Harry Reid to Joe Miller , candidates have spent more than ever , fought more than ever , and given us an election cycle of firsts  . But there is another first no one is really talking about : the surge of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans running this year  . On Tuesday , 27 veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan will seek national office  . This is nearly four times the number of veterans of those wars currently serving in Congress  . Twenty-five are campaigning for House seats and two are running for the Senate  . Eighteen are running as Republicans , nine as Democrats  . They are as ideologically diverse as the electorate they hope to represent and share only one agenda item : their desire to continue their service  . This wave of veterans -- The New Vet 27 -- is the beginning of a much larger movement developing in American politics and society  . They represent the next greatest generation of troops , who are committed to serving our country long after they get home from war  . Whether they win or lose in their campaigns , for those of us who have served , their initiative is inspiring , especially after a decade of war during which recent veterans have often been portrayed as either villains or victims  . They are a dynamic group of young men -- unfortunately , no female veterans of Iraq or Afghanistan are running in this cycle -- who are familiar with a little crossfire  . They definitely know how to fight back when attacked  . And their bios read like something out of a movie  . Tommy Sowers , Duncan Hunter Jr. , Adam Kinzinger and Joe Sestak are just a few in this wave  . Sowers served two tours in Iraq as a Green Beret , taught at West Point , and is running for Congress in Missouri in Rush Limbaugh 's home district  . Hunter served as a Marine in both Iraq and Afghanistan and is up for re-election to Congress in a part of California with a huge concentration of active duty troops  . Kinzinger , an Air Force pilot renowned for saving a Milwaukee , Wisconsin , woman from a knife-wielding attacker , returned from his third deployment to Iraq in May 2009 and is running to represent a congressional district in Illinois  . And three-star Navy Adm. Joe Sestak is trading in his command of a carrier battle group supporting combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan for an opportunity to tackle the Senate representing Pennsylvania  . On the front lines , The New Vet 27 served to a different degree than 99 percent of Americans  . They saw firsthand the enormous cost of America 's decision to send young men and women to war  . They were tested , they served with honor -- and they survived  . Now , they 're ready to put their military values and skills to use in a new kind of battle  . As veterans , they know the ramifications of foreign policy decisions , the struggles for quality health care coverage , and the challenges of getting a college education  . They also know how to make tough decisions under pressure  . And they are looking for that next mission that allows them to keep serving  . They represent new blood , but they 're not the first generation to make this transition  . Our democracy is rooted in this historical precedent  . Since George Washington first set aside his rank of general to seek office , declaring `` When we assumed the soldier , we did not lay aside the citizen , '' veterans have long been part of a tradition of political service in this country  . World War II and Korea created a wave in Washington , as many former warriors used the GI Bill to earn their college education and transition into public service  . John F. Kennedy , George H. W. Bush , John Warner , Daniel Akaka , Robert Dole , Max Cleland , John Murtha , John Kerry , James Webb and John McCain are just a few of the veterans in our nation 's recent history who carried their oath to serve from combat to Capitol Hill  . But The New Vet 27 hoping to take the oath of office comes at a critical juncture for our country  . The American public has never been more disconnected from the costs and consequences of war  . And Washington is no exception  . Despite the nation being immersed in two wars , the veteran ranks on Capitol Hill are rapidly disappearing  . Many World War II and Korea vets have died or retired , and there are only three Vietnam vets currently serving in the Senate ( McCain , Webb and Kerry )  . After Tuesday 's election , there is a significant likelihood veterans will hold less than a fifth of the seats in Congress -- a sharp contrast from 1969 , when veterans held a record 75 percent of the seats in the wake of World War II and Korea  . When polls close this week , The New Vet 27 might not all capture seats , but they do represent an important sign of things to come for our country  . And troops thousands of miles away in Iraq and Afghanistan will have an eye on them  . After Tuesday , there is no telling how many of the 2.1 million troops deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan , as of June 2010 , will end up in Congress in the years to come  . But if history is any guide , the country should expect quite a few  . And likely one or two in the White House  .
 In some ways , the latest Hugh Hefner engagement is a humorist 's dream  . An elderly man , a 24-year-old ex-Playmate -- what do we think each person is getting out of this alliance ? . I do n't think you need a Ph.D. to assess the exchange of resources that has brought them together  . He has money , fame , a lifetime of good stories and useful networks  . She gives him the prestige that a glamorous woman bestows upon her beau , a few virility points ( if we believe that 's part of the bargain ) and the daily flattery of having a beautiful , and we hope nice , woman fussing over him , holding his hand and making sure he gets his vitamins  . Not a bad deal for either of them actually  . But the May-December couple also offers a bit more to chew on when we think of large age gaps between partners in general and the urge to marry versus cohabit  . In order to think about this kind of relationship more seriously , we have to use the much-mated , just-twice-married Hugh Hefner as a jumping off point , rather than wrestle with his particular motives -- not the least of which might be the fact that his marriages are not a bad advertisement for the Playboy brand  . As a sociologist who specializes in studying sexuality , love and relationships and as a consultant to AARP , I do not find late-in-life love or marriage ridiculous , nor do I think age gaps between partners are always a mistake  . Hefner brings up these issues , but he certainly should n't define them for us  . Passion does not necessarily dim over the life cycle  . I have a widowed friend who has just turned 83 and has fallen in love again  . She had been dating online and asking friends to introduce her to potential partners , because after two years or so of grieving for her husband of many years , she wanted the comfort and thrill of another romantic partner  . She found a lovely man , 86 , and they have fallen in love and are enjoying life together  . They recently returned from a trip to Italy  . They live in different urban communities designed for older men and women and spend a lot of time in each other 's place  . They are a wonderful couple  . OK , so they are `` age appropriate , '' but that they are in the market for romance at their age is part of the point  . I know other successful couples with large age gaps whose marriages would strike envy in the hearts of anyone who met them  . My friends Ray and Gail have a 25-year-plus spread and have been married for over 15 years  . He is in his early 80s , she in her 50s  . They are spectacularly well-suited for one another and have an active life in the state of Washington and doing charitable dental work in the African bush  . Love , when it truly happens , is precious at any age  . It is possible at any age  . And even if it is not passionate love , even if it is just the comfort of companionship and spending time with someone you respect , it is a boon to the heart , health and happiness of both partners  . And it can run both ways : A study released in 2003 by the United Kingdom 's Office for National Statistics concluded that the proportion of women in England and Wales marrying younger men rose from 15 % to 26 % between 1963 and 1998  . I hesitate to congratulate Hefner , not because of his age ( he 's 84 ) , or even because of his partner 's age -- but rather because it is hard to know the motives of the rich and famous and the people who marry them  . Whether these motives will bring either person in the relationship the support and love that late-life marriage can bring is not known  . One final thought : You might be saying , `` But why should they marry ? . If it 's love , ca n't they just live together ? . They are probably not going to have children ... '' I agree that living together is a good answer for many older people  . It is less complicated financially and legally , and it does n't arouse as much fear in adult children that possible inheritances will be compromised  . But there is nothing in our society that certifies the intent of two partners in the same way marriage does  . Only marriage presents a clear definition of how a couple wants to be seen and treated by the world , their families , their friends and community  . Only marriage brings with it a complete body of law , with traditional privileges and obligations  . So yes , if that 's what someone wants to say to the world at 84 , the same way they would have said at 34 , why not ? . They have the right as adults and citizens  . Whether they are making a wise choice of partner is another issue entirely  .
 In recent days , with the tiniest poke of a toe in the political waters -- a few comments to news organizations about the recent Supreme Court ruling on President Barack Obama 's health care law -- former Rep. Anthony Weiner has set off a frenzy of speculation that he may be planning to run for mayor of New York in 2013  . At first glance , a second political act for Weiner might seem impossible  . It was a little more than a year ago that the liberal Democrat crashed and burned on national television , tearfully resigning after right-wing bloggers exposed his bizarre habit of sending raunchy photos and messages to strangers  . But he 's being taken seriously in New York political circles -- an acknowledgment of his considerable energy and talent for championing middle-class values , and a testament to the city 's habit of tolerating and rehabilitating fallen pols  . On Wednesday night , when asked in an interview with People magazine whether he is considering a bid for mayor , Weiner said he is not planning a campaign -- but he did n't rule out a run for political office in the future  . It was June 2011 when comedians of late-night TV were feasting on Weiner 's misery  . Conservatives crowed over the scalp they 'd claimed -- and were ecstatic when a Republican won the special election to replace Weiner  . A few months later , with no longtime incumbent to protect the seat , Weiner 's district was eliminated altogether when population changes required New York state to reduce the size of its congressional delegation  . That appeared to be the final chapter in Weiner 's political career  . He claims to have no plans beyond caring for his newborn son and insists that recent news stories are simply wrong  . But that 's not the end of the story to those of us who have been watching Weiner since the days when , at age 27 , he became the youngest member of the New York City Council  . Although known across the nation as a left-wing firebrand , Weiner has had a profile in New York as a pragmatic , centrist Democrat willing to break from the city 's liberal orthodoxy  . In 2005 , when Weiner made a first run for mayor , he publicly castigated the eventual Democratic nominee for proposing the re-imposition of a local tax on every stock trade to raise money from Wall Street ( a favorite but unworkable liberal plan )  . Weiner often railed against the rising cost of living for his financially squeezed constituents ( 45 % of whom voted for John McCain in 2008 ) and co-founded a bipartisan Middle Class Caucus in Congress  . As the third and final term of Mayor Michael Bloomberg winds down , the field of Democrats running to succeed him lacks a candidate with Weiner 's loud , laserlike focus on middle-class issues  . That absence has political insiders wondering if there might be room at the table for Weiner  . Even more tantalizing is Weiner 's $ 4.5 million political war chest that would , if activated , qualify him for $ 1.5 million in public matching funds and land him near the city 's $ 6.7 million campaign spending cap  . That makes him one of the best-funded mayoral candidates in New York , and more than just the punch line of a joke  . As for the ick factor -- the creepy cause of Weiner 's resignation -- he might end up benefiting from the wide latitude New Yorkers tend to allow public figures when it comes to their personal lives  . Back in the 1920s , one of New York 's most flamboyant and corrupt mayors , Jimmy Walker was married but carried on affairs with women who frequented the speak-easies that flourished in the city during his tenure  . Walker eventually left his wife to run off with a `` chorus girl '' he later married , but the carousing did n't stop him from getting re-elected in 1929 ( when he defeated none other than Fiorello LaGuardia )  . Fast-forward to modern times when Mayor Rudy Giuliani used a press conference to announce plans to separate from his second wife -- who apparently learned of his intentions from news reports -- and tried to have her kicked out of Gracie Mansion , the official mayoral residence , so that his new girlfriend could move in  . Giuliani eventually straightened out his personal life : He got a divorce and girlfriend Judith Nathan became wife No  . 3  . New Yorkers more or less shrugged  . Even ex-Gov  . Eliot Spitzer , who resigned after admitting to hiring prostitutes , has returned to public life , hosting a nightly show on Current TV and recently offering weekly commentary alongside other ex-officials on the New York political TV show `` Inside City Hall . '' . As host of the show , I have received exactly one complaint to date  . Many New Yorkers -- admittedly , not all -- treat politicians the way they would a plumber or auto repairman : If you 've hired the guy to unclog your sink or fix the brakes , he should be judged on that performance , and what goes on in his personal life should remain between him and his wife  . In fact , according to a NY1/Marist College poll , a majority of Weiner 's congressional constituents thought he should not have resigned after the sexting scandal  . The biggest hurdle Weiner has to clear is the dishonest way he handled the early stages of the scandal  . As the salacious photos emerged and the blogosphere exploded , Weiner unwisely had his office ring up various press outlets and went from one show to another , offering blatant lies and denials about how photos of his privates ended up on Facebook and Twitter  . That left a bad taste in the mouths of reporters , producers and editors  . As the New York Daily News editorial board notes : `` Weiner 's sexual escapades were , in fact , the least of his sins  . He proved to be a stone-cold liar as he tried to save his skin . '' . If it 's true that , as Weiner insists , he had no physical contact with the women to whom he sent raunchy messages , he will likely get as least as much latitude as Giuliani and Spitzer  . And if Weiner has the support of his family -- and is prepared to make a full apology for the lying -- he can eventually expect to find his way back into some form of public service  . Your move , Mr. Weiner  . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion  .
 The image makers were in overdrive at the Republican National Convention this week  . They finally had their candidate but now they had a problem : The guy was n't likable  . And nowhere was that problem more acute than with women voters  . Concerns about Mitt Romney 's slash-and-burn economic approach at Bain Capital , coupled with displays on the campaign trail of his stunning lack of empathy had shaken confidence among women voters  . Add in the wound reopened when Senate candidate Todd Akin spoke aloud the GOP 's twisted ideas about women and rape and pregnancy , and the mandate to the handlers was infinitely clear : Make every night Ladies ' Night at the Mirage in Tampa  . The show kicked off with Ann Romney headlining the first night  . Her speech overflowed with love for her husband and family , and she deftly attempted to transfer those warm and fuzzy feelings to the women viewers  . `` I love you women ! . I hear your voices , '' she shouted at us as her husband 's proxy  . Throughout the week , prominent women , such as Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and New Mexico Gov  . Susana Martinez , headlined high profile events  . Vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan regaled us with tales of his truly amazing mom  . And as Romney prepared to take the stage on the final night , a soft-focus video brought the love between Ann and Mitt into full technicolor , while walk-ons from women of lesser stature were scattered throughout at a reassuring pace  . By prime time , we could n't miss the marquee message : Mitt loves women , so keep calm and carry on  . Mitt 's largely biographical speech was light on substance and long on references to the ladies who had shaped him and supported his career , including those in senior leadership of his governor 's cabinet  . His shout out to South Carolina Gov  . Nikki Haley and New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , who had appeared that week on the dais , gave him an opportunity to invoke his mother 's posthumous approval of how far women have come  . Opinion : Did Romney gain ground ? . Then , in a deluge of red , white and blue balloons , the pretty show ended and the workers began to dismantle the Mirage , leaving the harsh sunlight of the day-after to reveal the intractable reality of what a Romney-Ryan presidency would mean for American women  . Women voters care most about the economy and jobs  . But with a critical caveat : nine out of 10 women say that a candidate must `` understand women . '' . To do that requires an acknowledgment of two things : that women 's economic security -- by almost every measure -- still lags behind that of male counterparts and that their economic security is inextricably tied to their ability to control their health , including reproductive choices  . And on those points , no illusions and tradesman 's tricks can obscure the fact that the GOP agenda fails the test  . A July National Women 's Law Center report showed that the 2007 Bush recession cost nearly 7.5 million jobs and recovery has been slow to reach women workers  . Public sector job loss drives this disparity  . While Romney 's jobs plan is still notoriously vague , with little to offer other than a regressive nod to trickle-down economics , Paul Ryan has been frighteningly clear that his top priority is essentially dismantling our government -- a fixation projected to result in a whopping 4.1 million lost jobs over two years  . Even the lucky few women who hold or get jobs under a Romney-Ryan administration are likely to be paid far less for equal work  . In the aggregate , women are paid on average 77 cents on the dollar to men , but Romney still refuses to support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act  . Opinion : Is that the best Mitt Romney can do ? . What of the women who ca n't get jobs ? . They can look forward to victimization and vilification  . The 24 million women who live in poverty in America span all ethnic groups , with single moms twice as likely to be poor as single dads  . Still , Ryan has proposed cutting nutrition assistance to these households , often the only thing that stands between them and malnutrition  . Romney has not disagreed  . Meanwhile , in a cynical race play , the Romney campaign 's deceptive ad campaign attacking welfare recipients has denigrated these women instead of offering solutions  . Adding insult to injury , Romney 's Republican platform includes an extremist anti-abortion amendment that removes exemptions even for rape and incest victims  . A party that eliminates a woman 's right to choose while at the same time cutting pay , jobs , and access to health care and food security exposes a bizarre and dangerous lack of understanding of the challenges facing American women  . No matter how much love bounced around the walls of the Tampa Mirage , in real life , lip service and speeches -- even by women -- do n't feed the family  . What women need is a sober assessment of how economic challenges uniquely affect us and solutions that reflect that understanding  . And despite their best efforts over the last week , that 's one promise that a Romney-Ryan presidency ca n't deliver  .
 What does freedom mean for Barack Obama ? . If you asked Sarah Palin , a Tea Partier , or a Republican member of Congress what freedom means , each would likely have a ready answer : Freedom is individual autonomy and it is closely identified with the market  . But with Obama , most Americans simply would not know his answer  . In fact , the Democratic Party 's leadership for decades now has been unable to articulate how its goals and policies ( like universal health care ) actually connect to personal liberty  . This is no doubt partly to blame for last week 's election results  . In America today , the language of freedom has been ceded almost entirely to the political right  . Unless Democrats can offer a compelling counter-narrative , they will remain on the defensive whenever they depict government as a tool for social and economic change  . Part of what makes the conservative language of freedom so politically potent is that it resonates with a problem many Americans face  . In the 21st century we are faced with increasingly massive and hierarchical institutions  . We have big business and big government , both run by a small number of highly trained professionals  . Individuals feel powerless , without meaningful voice in key institutions and subject to decisions made elsewhere -- mostly behind closed doors  . The conservative response has been simple  . It has been to blame government for the problem of bureaucratic growth and hierarchy  . Tea Partiers hope to reverse the sense of disempowerment by dismantling state programs and deregulating the economy  . They say they envision the marketplace as a site for free exchange by equals , in which commercial self-regulation enhances individual entrepreneurship  . Some liberals find it difficult to understand why this vision resonates with so many of their fellow Americans , given that it ignores the pathologies of corporate power  . What they might note , though , is that even if this conservative response is incomplete , it at least articulates the lack of control many people experience and presents freedom as a product of individual self-rule  . For precisely this reason , conservatives have been able to harness populist sentiment and to cast liberals as out of touch elites  . Tea Party talk invoking the importance of `` Main Street '' emphasizes how it seems to them that professionals -- not ordinary Americans -- are often in political charge and how liberals seem indifferent to the scale and remoteness of modern bureaucracy  . Rather than yield the language of liberty to the right , the Democratic Party needs to provide a clear response -- if for no other reason than that the conservative approach is both backward looking , which is not helpful , and excludes many  . Given the dominance of finance capital , the idea of the unfettered marketplace as a site for individual empowerment is largely wishful thinking  . Even worse , in the hands of conservatives , that marketplace is also a space for zero-sum competition , in which many are left on the outside looking in  . Some Tea Partiers , for instance , have made this circumscribed liberty even more limited by saying that only `` true '' Americans should benefit from its blessings  . Under this view , freedom requires restrictive policies toward immigrants and other groups that they fear threaten economic prosperity or national security  . For them , liberty is no longer a universal ideal to be practiced -- rather than just preached -- by Americans  . Instead , liberty is a privilege of the few , one that goes hand in hand with exclusion  . In the past , social constituencies -- such as those organized by the agrarian populists in the late 19th century , the labor movement and the civil rights movement -- articulated how freedom and inclusion could be bound together  . For someone like the Rev  . Martin Luther King Jr. , liberty meant providing individuals with practical power over both corporate and state entities  . But public action had a key role to play  . If Democrats hope to persuade Americans of the value of government programs , they must engage with the pervasive sense of disempowerment mined so fruitfully by conservatives  . They need to explain why the root cause is ultimately corporate authority , not state responses  . They also must clearly explain how securing liberty rests on exerting democratic control over mammoth private companies -- by employing government to reduce the size of banks , to roll back corporate privileges and to ensure that the public has a greater say in the most important decisions  . Today those social movements that articulated this vision of freedom are largely demobilized and it rests primarily with the Democratic Party leadership to carry on their aspirations  . The question is whether Obama and those around him still believe in these values , let alone are willing to defend them  .
 U.S. boxing history reveals that it is a sport that has traditionally been the `` bluest '' of blue-collar athletic endeavors  . It has always held out the promise -- despite the odds -- of advancement for young men with the talent and guts to succeed in an often bloody undertaking , beginning with the arrival of the Irish in the mid-19th century , and for African- Americans and the later influx of Jews , Italians and Hispanics , whether U.S.-born , from Mexico or from the Caribbean  . Three of the earliest success stories in this history were men of Mexican-American heritage from Los Angeles : Solomon Garcia Smith in the 1880s ; Joe Salas , the first Latino to medal in boxing in the Olympics , in 1924 ; and Bert Colima , Pacific Coast champion in three divisions during the 1920s  . These men challenged the notion that Spanish-surnamed men were not good athletes with the physical capability and mental acumen to succeed in corporeal competition  . In subsequent decades , Latinos continually proved themselves worthy in the boxing ring and on the baseball diamond , the football field , the basketball court , and elsewhere  . Little by little , as economic and educational circumstances improved during the years following World War II , such athletes came to represent local communities , and a few competed at the professional level  . While the world of sport did come to recognize talent of Latino participants , many female athletes continued to be shortchanged for most of the 20th century  . In recent decades , the playing field has been leveled substantially , in part due to Title IX -- the 1972 law that increased opportunities for women in high school and college athletics -- and a series of court decisions  . Still , there remain barriers -- economic , educational , familial , and cultural -- to increasing the percentage of Latinas participating in athletics  . My recent work documents the struggles that young women confront as they seek opportunities to play soccer and other sports in Midwestern communities that have seen an explosion in their Hispanic populations in recent decades  . Many of these young women are keen to share in the triumphs and joys of athletic competition on behalf of their hometowns  . Some even aspire to earn athletic scholarships that assist their families in paying for college , but their hopes are often checked  . Marlen Esparza , a Latina boxer vying for the Olympics , follows the tradition of other Latino athletes who broke barriers  . They compete for their own success and glory , but also enter the boxing ring or take to the field for other Latinos who will never vie for professional titles  . Their stories exemplify two key issues affecting our nation 's future : first , the demographic transformation of small town America , and second , the role of sport as a vehicle to break down barriers between `` new arrivals '' and their neighbors  . As Marlen Esparza and other Latinas gain acceptance in `` nontraditional '' sports , the path for young girls in small towns gets a bit easier  . The success of Esparza at a national level demonstrates the possibilities that participation in sport can have for this generation  . A chance to compete on the basketball court and soccer field can open entirely new social and academic prospects for young women  . And by wearing the name of their school on their jerseys , Latina athletes are seen as local heroes who are accepted by the general populace  . Just as Italian-Americans reveled in the triumphs of Joe DiMaggio and Yogi Berra , likewise it is conceivable that a greater sense of pride , acceptance , and community may result from Latinas bringing fame to their hometowns through their on-field exploits  . Marlen Esparza is in the vanguard of what we can expect from Latina athletes in the future  . Her successes will open doors for young women who will grasp the opportunity to compete in athletics and in our nation 's classrooms  . What could be more American than that ? .
 With 30-plus governments since independence ( average length less than two years ) , Israeli politics rarely surprises  . But Monday 's agreement between Benjamin Netanyahu and Kadima leader Shaul Mofaz did precisely that  . In a pre-emptive strike -- against his critics , a cynical Israeli press , and , last but not least , an American administration that keeps hoping he 's a short-timer -- Netanyahu bought himself another 16 months of challenge-free politics , co-opted his main opponent for the price of a deputy premiership , and broadened and legitimized his government for the turbulent period ahead  . While Mofaz looks unprincipled ( two weeks ago he said he 'd never join a Netanyahu-led coalition ) , Bibi Netanyahu looks like a veritable statesman and political genius who , for the sake of the country 's unity and stability , did the right thing  . With U.S. President Barack Obama facing an uncertain political future , Netanyahu has secured his -- at least over the short term  . What difference will the new coalition of 94 Knesset members -- a virtually unassailable majority -- have on the core issues facing Israel ? . Peace process : Already comatose , the Israeli-Palestinian issue may be revived slightly as a result of the new politics  . Mofaz has made resolution of the Palestinian issue a key theme ; but the result will be motion without real movement  . Since Mofaz is committed to pursuing the existing government 's policies until the end of 2013 , it 's unlikely there will be major changes  . Netanyahu did n't invite Kadima into the coalition only to go to new elections over a deal with the Palestinians that could split his own Likud party  . But the change in tone will relieve the pressure of being saddled with a right-wing government that many claimed had no constituent group which was at all interested in negotiations  . Iran : Some analysts argue that early elections would have reduced the chances for an Israeli strike against Iranian nuclear sites , and that the unity government has now increased them  . That 's what Netanyahu would like to make the world believe  . But Netanyahu 's decision-making on striking Iran has always been shaped by three factors ; the unity government changes none of them  . In fact , given Mofaz 's caution on Iran , the odds of a strike before the American elections may actually be reduced  . First , there 's Netanyahu 's read of Iran 's intentions  . That has n't changed  . Netanyahu believes the mullahs want the capacity to produce a nuclear weapon and ultimately to possess the weapon itself  . The P5+1 international talks on Iran , in Istanbul last month and later this month in Baghdad , have n't persuaded him otherwise ; but they do make an attack much less likely while the process is in train  . Second , there 's the degree of difficulty of the operation  . Israel would like to avoid a unilateral strike and make Iran America 's problem  . Without firing a shot in the past year or so , the Israelis are well on their way to success here  . And Mofaz will reinforce this approach now that his bloc of 28 Kadima Knesset members is part of the coalition  . Finally , what America thinks is critical to Israeli calculations  . Should the Israelis strike , the United States needs to be in their corner to deal with the mess afterward  . And Obama has made it as clear as any American president can that Israel acting now , with negotiations ongoing , is a bad idea  . Clearly , Obama does n't want an Israeli strike or an American strike before the elections and probably not this year  . And the new unity government reinforces the obvious : no war with Iran in 2012 and likely no deal on the nuclear issue either  . This new government in Israel is n't about upsetting the status quo and getting ready for war ; on the contrary , it 's about preserving the status quo -- at least for now  . Netanyahu thinks of himself in historic and potentially transformative terms -- leading Israel at a moment of great challenge , particularly freeing the Israelis from the shadow of the Iranian bomb  . We 're constantly underestimating him  . Obama thinks he 's a con man , or at best a speed bump confronting a peace process he 'd like to see move forward  . The Europeans would like him gone -- yesterday  . The Palestinians and the Arabs ca n't stand him  . But the fact is , for now Netanyahu is the only Israeli political leader that can do and have it all -- maintain close ties with Washington ; settle the West Bank ; avoid negotiations with the Palestinians ; use the threat of an Israeli attack to keep the international community pressing Iran ; and now , dominate Israeli politics  . He 's the king of Israel , and we may just have to get used to it  . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion  .
 In his second inaugural address last month , President Barack Obama forcefully articulated a case for confronting the climate crisis  . In his State of the Union speech on Tuesday , I encourage him to lay out a plan on it  . I realize Congress can be an obstacle  . A few years ago , the right and left discussed how best to tackle the climate crisis  . Today , it has become an article of faith among some conservatives to ignore science and deny there is a human-made crisis at all  . Just last week , Sen. Marco Rubio , the oft-touted 2016 GOP savior who will deliver the Republican response to the State of the Union , falsely claimed there was `` reasonable debate '' on the issue  . There is n't  . There is no alternative but to act  . As if the warnings from scientists were n't enough , in 2012 -- the hottest year on record in the contiguous U.S. -- we saw the true face of climate change : freak storms , raging wildfires , a new Dust Bowl in the heartland and devastating damages  . Most heartbreakingly , innocent lives were lost  . Here 's what Obama can do to help stop climate change -- and what he should announce in his speech on Tuesday night  . Opinion : Obama 's chance to lead , or kick the can down the road  . 1  . Negotiate a bilateral agreement with China  . New Secretary of State John Kerry declared climate change a `` life-threatening issue '' at his confirmation hearing  . Obama should make his chief diplomat 's top priority the crafting of a bilateral agreement with China to reduce carbon pollution and accelerate clean energy  . Even if the Doha climate negotiations produce a treaty with teeth , the Senate will refuse to ratify it unless China is on board  . Growing concerns about air pollution have the Chinese government talking about renewable energy  . An agreement between the two largest emitters of greenhouse gasses would set the whole planet on a more sustainable path  . The best thing about this option : Obama does not need Congress ' approval to start the dialogue  . Furthermore , he can use the buildup to the Doha climate summit as an opportunity to educate the public about the real dangers of climate chaos  . 2  . Stop the Keystone XL Pipeline  . Some scientists liken building the pipeline to lighting the fuse on the world 's biggest carbon bomb  . According to industry experts , without the demand from this pipeline , most of the oil in the Alberta tar sands would stay safely in the ground  . Instead , Keystone would funnel the dirtiest oil on Earth from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico , which would do nothing to reduce our dependence on foreign energy while causing irreparable harm  . In return , we could get higher gas prices , risk of a BP-like spill in the heartland and fewer jobs than there are people employed in the wind industry right now  . 3  . Use executive branch powers  . Although Obama can not institute a carbon tax without Congress , he is not without options  . The Environmental Protection Agency used its authority to regulate carbon dioxide as a source of pollution and set higher standards for power plants  . The EPA could go further  . Obama should also support the efforts of the EPA to set new standards for soot based on the best and latest science  . The administration could also open more public land for renewable energy development  . Finally , the president should publicly commit to making sure coal miners emerge as winners in the transition to clean energy jobs  . At the least , the people who sacrifice their health to bring us power deserve secure pensions , world class health care and the opportunity to be trained in the industries of the future  . Twenty years from today , we could live in an age defined by ever-more-violent storms and watch as other nations stake out a crucial advantage in clean energy technology  . Or , we can reject that future now and lead a healthier , more prosperous world well into the 21st century  . Tackling the issue entails some political risks  . But the president should know that if he leads , a movement will rise to stand behind him  . This Sunday , tens of thousands of Americans are expected to gather in Washington for the massive `` Forward on Climate '' Rally  . They will be joined by thousands more across the nation  . A generation from now , this president 's legacy will be measured by his record on climate  . Strong words in the inaugural address were just the starting point  . On Tuesday , we need to hear a concrete plan  .
 When did conservatives become prisoners to idiotic vulgarity ? . I ask that question as someone who self-defines as conservative and who is sick and tired of being embarrassed by Ted Nugent  . Last month the aged rocker called President Barack Obama a `` subhuman mongrel '' in an interview with Guns.com  . That was bad enough , but what was just as shocking was the willingness of Texas GOP gubernatorial nominee Greg Abbott to keep him aboard his campaign  . Rick Perry and Ted Cruz also failed to rule out appearing with him  . Only Rand Paul took to Twitter to demand an apology , which Nugent eventually gave  . He downgraded Obama to a `` liar , '' which is , at least , a more colorblind insult  . There is a view that Nugent simply `` speaks his mind , '' and , yes , he has every constitutionally guaranteed right to do so  . Maybe what he says appeals to some people , those for whom good manners are a bourgeois affectation and correct spelling the preserve of Harvard pointy-heads  . Nugent insists comments not racist , promises to stop 'calling people names ' Either way , what is disturbing is that some serious Republican politicians think that he matters and are happy to count him among their endorsements -- as though selling records and getting angry make him a spokesman for the masses  . Animal from the Muppets also speaks his mind , but we 've yet to see him headlining a rally for Chris Christie  . This is n't what conservatism is supposed to be about  . Conservatism is the rejection of ideology in favor of common sense and anger in favor of cool rationalism  . Of course , there have always been intemperate voices on the American right -- from Joe McCarthy to the John Birch Society  . ( I 'm not including Southern Democratic racists such as George C. Wallace because their place on the political compass is impossible to plot . ) . But the American right has an intellectual tradition that has all been forgotten by the media in recent years  . There were the Progressive Republicans ( Irving Babbitt ) , the anti-communists ( Whittaker Chambers ) , the libertarians ( Ayn Rand , Milton Friedman ) , the traditionalists ( Russell Kirk ) , the neo-conservatives ( Leo Strauss ) , and the sages of the National Review ( James Burnham , L. Brent Bozell , Willmoore Kendall ) -- the latter embodied by the urbane , cosmopolitan wit of William F. Buckley  . Most of these groups quietly linger around today , largely ignored in the noisy mess of 21st-century politics but still patiently taught at some colleges and think tanks  . In modern-day Washington , you 'll find all the Catholic Republican interns spending Sunday at St. Stephens on Pennsylvania Avenue and weekday nights at lectures by bishops on the nature of good and evil  . Not at the assault weapon firing range  . Sometime in the 1970s , the intellectual right made common cause with populism , and historians such as Rick Perlstein tell us that this is when they surrendered their brains to cultural conservatism  . But Ronald Reagan was neither inarticulate nor rude  . He was happy , sunny , funny , and his speeches so dense with philosophy and history that they make Obama sound like a high school student  . Crucially , he had a faith in the intelligence of the average American , which meant he did n't resort to meanness or bad syntax to win their vote  . Reagan would never call an opponent `` subhuman . '' . So how do we explain the rudeness of contemporary politics ? . Nugent 's followers might insist that his language reflects the desperate seriousness of his cause , that any conversation about fundamental issues such as guns or Obamacare is bound to cause a loss of temper  . But in the 1960s the Republicans were debating urban riots , sex , drugs and Vietnam -- and yet the GOP sold itself as a party that could resolve these challenges with calm sensibleness  . Nixon ran as an antidote to the chaos caused by the left , offering order over anarchy  . What has changed is that back then conservative politicians had faith in themselves and their own philosophy , that it would win out because it was right and middle-class Americans could see that  . Today 's breed are all too often chasing a `` base '' that , they imagine , includes yahoos , survivalists and people who think the world is both flat and about to come to an end  . This pursuit of the base ends with basically intelligent men deferring to those who are rightly socially unacceptable  . Cue John McCain in 2008 being told by supporters that Obama is an Arab , or Mitt Romney nearly paralyzed with socially awkwardness as he courted the Joe Six-Packs in 2012  . And it ends in politicians failing to call Nugent out for being a Neanderthal  . As the midterms approach , conservative presidential aspirants face this challenge : Can they elevate rather than reduce the political debate ? . Rand Paul has made a good start , and it 's probably because he is driven by philosophy and all the self-assurance that brings  . For the rest , I 'd like to see them defy a few stereotypes  . Rather than being photographed shooting bears or doing pushups with Chuck Norris , let journalists catch them reading a book  . Russell Kirk is a good place to start  .
 Judging solely by the headlines , one might conclude that China 's economy is finally starting to hit a wall  . After several decades of near double-digit annual growth , gross domestic product rose by a relatively cool 7.5 % in this year 's first half  . Property prices are down  . So is investment in factory capacity and real estate  . But companies that interpret slower GDP growth to mean that business opportunities in China and other emerging markets will begin to fade are making a serious mistake  . The consumer class is still growing rapidly in key emerging markets , and the competition from savvy , extremely capable domestic companies is intensifying  . In China 's case , the lower GDP growth rate actually reflects an important structural shift in the economy -- from growth that is driven by extraordinarily high fixed investment fueled by loans from government-owned banks to growth that is driven by private consumption  . This transition has been a top goal of the Chinese leadership as it seeks more balanced and sustainable economic growth  . China illustrates an important phenomenon found in many emerging markets  . What many gloomy economic reports miss is that private consumption continues to rise  . This is fueled by steady , rapid growth in the country 's middle-class and affluent households , which in China we at The Boston Consulting Group ( BCG ) regard as having annual disposable incomes of at least $ 12,500  . Since 2010 , people living in middle-class and affluent households surged from 10 % of China 's population to 25 %  . In just another three years , this share is projected to leap to 35 % , according to BCG analysis  . Some of the sharpest consumption growth in China is occurring among the upper middle class , which we classify as households with annual disposable household incomes of $ 25,000 to $ 50,000  . The population in this income segment has been has been rising 12 % annually  . Astonishingly , Chinese upper middle class are projected to account for 5 % of global consumption by 2020  . These consumers are the sweet spot for many international companies because they tend to sharply accelerate their consumption in such product categories as automobiles , premium personal-care products , fresh foods , financial services , and travel  . While companies like the e-commerce giant Alibaba generate the most buzz , it is only one of many innovative companies prospering from the rapid growth of China 's middle class  . At BCG , we have been tracking a particularly impressive group of hard-charging competitors that we refer to as `` local dynamos '' -- emerging market-based companies that are staying home and conquering their domestic markets  . The dynamos move at breathtaking speed , have formidable business models for catering to local consumers , are highly adaptable and are remarkably adept at taking advantage of digital technologies  . They have averaged compound annual revenue growth of 28 % annually over the past four years , compared with 5 % annual growth among S & P 500 companies  . Eleven of the 50 dynamos that we identified globally in a recent report are consumer goods companies -- more than from any other sector  . This reflects the opportunities created by surging consumption in emerging markets  . Ten of the 50 are based in China  . They span sectors from banking and food retailing to consumer electronics  . Home Inns & Hotels Management illustrates how Chinese dynamos can operate successfully while moving at warp speed  . Home Inns saw a huge opportunity in the underserved and highly fragmented market for budget hotels  . From 2008 to 2013 , it increased its number of hotels from 500 to more than 2,000 , in part through an aggressive strategy of franchising  . It also boosted the number of cities served from fewer than 100 to 300  . With revenues of $ 1 billion in 2013 , Home Inns controls nearly 25 % of China 's branded economy-hotel segment  . Xiaomi , another dynamo , demonstrates the digital prowess of China 's new breed of consumer-product companies  . Xiaomi relies entirely on e-commerce to sell its affordable smart phones , which are priced at between $ 100 and $ 300  . To reach China 's Internet-crazed youth , Xiaomi uses a variety of popular social media to extensively market its products and solicit customer feedback , which it incorporates when designing and improving its devices  . After just three years in operation , Xiaomi reached $ 5 billion in revenue in 2013 and sold more smartphones in China -- nearly 19 million -- than Apple  . Xiaomi passed Samsung in the second quarter of 2014 as China 's top smartphone brand  . Even if companies have little interest in the China market , the local dynamos should be on their radar because they are potential future global competitors  . A number of companies on BCG 's 2014 list of `` global challengers '' -- fast-growing companies based in emerging markets that are becoming global leaders or have the potential to do so -- have followed the path of leveraging their dominance in domestic markets to go global  . Twenty-nine of the 100 challengers on the 2014 list are Chinese , including appliance maker Haeir Group , automaker Geely International , and medical device producer Mindray Medical International  . Prominent examples from other emerging markets are Chilean wine maker Concho y Toro , Chinese appliance marker Haier Group , Mexican cellular phone giant America Movil , Philippines fast-food conglomerate Jolibee , and Indian vehicle companies Bajaj Auto and Mehindra & Mehindra  . Whether one sees China and other emerging markets as the world 's biggest growth opportunities -- or as the source of potential threat -- do n't let slower GDP statistics distract you into pulling back  . The battle for a share of the growing consumer class is underway now and will grow more fierce  . Read this : The 10 hottest startups in Asia  . Read this : Want to get rich ? . Move here ! . More from Virtual Think Tank  .
 Almost exactly a year ago , Stanford University took a bold step  . It opened up an online version of three of its most popular Computer Science classes to everyone around the world , for free  . Within weeks , close to 100,000 students or more were enrolled in each of these courses  . Cumulatively , tens of thousands of students completed these courses and received a statement of accomplishment from the instructor  . This was a real course experience  . It started on a given day , and the students would watch videos weekly and do homework assignments  . These were real homework assignments for a real grade , with a real deadline  . One of those classes was taught by my co-founder , Andrew Ng  . In his on-campus Stanford class , he reaches 400 students a year  . It would have taken him 250 years to reach the number of students he reached through that one online course  . The Stanford endeavor showed what is possible  . It showed that it is possible to produce a high quality learning experience from some of the top instructors in the world at a very low cost  . At the same time as this project was being run , it had become clear that changes in higher education were desperately necessary  . A high-quality education is now a critical need for most people who aspire to a better life , while it continues to be out of reach for many  . TED.com : The 100,000 student classroom  . In many parts of the world , including large parts of Africa , Asia and South America , good education is often not available because of lack of capacity  . Even in the United States , where education is arguably there to be had , it may not be within reach  . Since 1985 , tuition costs have gone up 559 % , almost double the rate of the escalating costs of health care  . This Stanford project led to the founding in early 2012 of Coursera , a social entrepreneurship company that hosts around 200 free courses from 33 of the world 's best universities , including Princeton , Stanford , Penn , Michigan , Caltech , Duke , Illinois , Washington and others  . The courses span a spectrum of topics : physics , biology , computer science , engineering , medicine , literature , sociology , poetry , business and many more  . The courses are full courses complete with short video lectures , quizzes and assignments  . For some courses , papers or projects are assessed through a peer grading system  . They serve a rich community of learners from all over the world , crossing geographic , ethnic and language boundaries  . More than 1.4 million students have enrolled to take these great courses , opening new intellectual horizons as well as opportunities  . TED.com : Let 's use video to reinvent education  . One of the greatest opportunities of this technology , one that is yet untapped , is the window that it opens into understanding human learning  . The data that one can measure is unprecedented in both the level of detail and in its scale  . Thus , we can apply data analytics in entirely new ways to understand what works and what does n't , ranging from general educational strategies to specific design choices for a given course  . This transformation from a hypothesis-driven to a data-driven mode has revolutionized other disciplines , such as biology , and may now allow us to systematically improve the quality of education  . This paradigm , which combines meaningful work that can be graded at scale with peer-teaching among students , allows us to offer some of our best educational content to students around the world , at a negligible marginal cost of pennies per student  . It therefore makes feasible the notion of universal education , with the potential of some remarkable consequence  . TED.com : Teach statistics before calculus  . First , it allows us to establish education as a basic human right , so that anyone with the motivation and the ability would have the opportunity to get the skills that they need to make a better life for themselves , their families and their communities  . Second , it enables lifelong learning  . For many of us , learning stops when we finish our formal education  . With the availability of these amazing courses , we would always have the opportunity to explore new directions , whether to expand our minds or to make a change in our lives  . Finally , it opens the door to a wave of innovation  . Because talent can be found everywhere  . Maybe the next Albert Einstein or the next Steve Jobs is living in some remote village in Africa  . With access to education , he or she can come up with the next big idea and help make the world a better place for all of us  . As Tom Friedman wrote in May , `` Big breakthroughs happen when what is suddenly possible meets what is desperately necessary . '' .
 We all know this election is going to be about the economy  . President Barack Obama knows it , Mitt Romney knows it and so do the media -- even though at times pundits pretend it 's about much smaller and sillier topics  . The difference , as the president told the country last week , is that he is the only candidate in the race who truly understands that it 's about a very specific part of our economy : the middle class  . Obama 's plan is to grow the economy from the middle out , using common-sense measures that help small businesses , invest in clean-energy technology and train a new generation of skilled workers  . Romney 's plan is to return to the same failed , trickle-down policies -- but made worse by the tea party politics of slash-and-burn against government -- that threaten hardworking middle-class families  . Those are two very different visions  . Where do they come from ? . Both candidates have looked at the same history but derive very different lessons  . Obama studied how the middle class was built -- sending students and veterans to school , developing a strong manufacturing base and making sure our laboratories of innovation are built on American soil and grit  . That foundation created a great American middle class that became the envy of the world  . In the Clinton-Gore years , private-sector businesses created 23 million new jobs  . The president is determined to rebuild the foundation that led to such historic success  . Romney , on the other hand , has fixated on the failed ideas of the last decade  . He endorsed eliminating the rules that protect our workers and keep corporations from gambling away our money  . He was all for giving the wealthy a permanent break on taxes -- and wants to increase the nation 's debt by having us pay for more tax havens for the rich  . Romney wants to return to policies that funneled wealth upward and pushed the middle class down -- and almost out  . Like the Obama campaign says about Romney 's broken promises in Massachusetts : It did n't work then , and it wo n't work now  . You do n't have to take my word for it  . Independent economists have said Romney 's warmed-over ideas would pull us back toward recession at the very time we need to keep pushing toward a full recovery  . Obama 's correct reading of history is why he 's made the decisions he has in his first term -- even when they were politically unpopular  . When the auto industry started to collapse and factories began shutting their doors , Obama knew that , as a country , we needed to rescue it  . Now American car companies and American manufacturers are surging , opening new factories and hiring new workers  . Romney has been forthright : He would have let the companies go into bankruptcy in a process experts said would have shuttered the factories and led the workers to lose their jobs  . Obama also found a housing market in which thousands of Americans were going into foreclosure  . He fought to keep people in their homes despite being obstructed at every turn by Republicans in Congress who tried to make it impossible for struggling homeowners to refinance or renegotiate their mortgages  . Romney , of course , has no plan to help underwater homeowners  . We 've got a long way to go , but the president 's policies have stopped the bleeding of jobs  . Since June 2009 , when the stimulus took effect , the private sector has been adding jobs -- and if not for Republican obstruction of recovery efforts , there would have been a dramatically greater increase in employment  . And despite all his talk of business expertise , Romney ranked 47th out of 50 in job creation when he was governor of Massachusetts  . This is a choice between two courses of action , but it is also a choice between two different visions  . Obama was buoyed up on a groundswell of small donors , young and old , rich and poor -- people who wished to see a country restored and an economy rebuilt  . Romney was chosen by the same class of the Republican elite who met in the early days of January 2009 and vowed to block Obama at every turn  . While the president promised to make his top priority the success of the middle class , Republicans declared the president 's failure their No  . 1 objective  . Read Bobby Jindal 's view : Obama 's message of divide and blame  . Obama has kept faith with the middle class and kept his focus on moving forward  . He has pushed for a just budget and a fair tax code to relieve our deficit  . He will encourage companies to bring their jobs and profits back to our shores , hire new workers , invest in research and technology , rebuild our roads and bridges , and invest in promising new sources of energy  . His vision is based on action , while Romney 's is based on inaction : `` Let Detroit go bankrupt , '' let foreclosures `` hit the bottom , '' and wait , wait , wait for wealth to trickle down -- which it has never done and will never do for the middle class  .
 Savita Halappanavar died last month in Ireland after being denied a lifesaving abortion  . If she had lived in the United States -- where in two months we will mark four decades of safe and legal abortion on the anniversary of the Roe v. Wade ruling -- she likely would be alive today  . I was a little girl when this decision overturned state bans across the country that prevented women from access to medically safe procedures  . Unlike my mother 's generation -- when women often died from self-induced abortions or back-alley abortions performed by a person with no skills or training , often under unsanitary conditions -- my siblings , friends , classmates and I grew up with the ability to make informed decisions when faced with an unintended or medically problematic pregnancy  . Worldwide , many women are unable to make personal health decisions  . The consequences are grave  . According to a World Health Organization report , about 47,000 women die each year around the world from unsafe abortions  . This accounts for about 13 % of all maternal deaths  . Most of these women die in developing countries , where severe legal restrictions and lack of access to modern medical care drive women to seek unsafe procedures  . By contrast , abortion in the United States is incredibly safe : Fewer than 0.3 % of women experience complications that require hospitalization  . But Halappanavar died in a highly developed country  . After 17 weeks of pregnancy , she went to the hospital , miscarrying and in extreme pain  . Her husband says doctors denied requests for an abortion to save her life ; after three days the fetus died , and after suffering for four days , Savita Halappanavar died of blood poisoning  . Her death in Ireland serves as a stark reminder that living in a developed country does not necessarily protect us from backward health policies  . Lawmakers in Ireland who defend that country 's near-total ban on abortion rely on the same politically driven arguments echoed across much of the U.S. by opponents of women 's freedom to choose , as they try to chip away at access to safe and legal abortion  . In Ohio , for example , legislators are considering a bill that would ban abortion early in pregnancy , even before some women know they are pregnant  . According to an analysis from the Guttmacher Institute , half the women in our nation live in states hostile to abortion access ; and in 2011 alone , states enacted a record 92 provisions seeking to restrict women 's access to abortion  . This is not the legacy I wish for my children  . I want my son and daughter to grow up in a country where they make their own health care decisions and their privacy is respected  . Unless we stand up to these attacks on women 's health and personal decision making , we are sure to hear more stories like Halappanavar 's -- and this time closer to home  . Senseless decisions do not just happen in other countries  . In Nebraska , doctors refused to allow Danielle Deaver to end her pregnancy after she learned her daughter would not survive , citing the state 's ban on abortion past 20 weeks gestation  . Instead , Deaver was forced to deliver an infant who died moments after birth  . Evidence shows time and again that banning abortion does not make it go away -- it merely leads to more unsafe abortions and more women dying  . Some of the countries with the highest abortion rates worldwide have the most restrictive policies  . On the other hand , countries with the lowest abortion rates tend to have more supportive abortion policies and strong policy support for contraception  . Policymakers truly interested in reducing abortion should support strong investment in contraception at home and abroad  . Under the Affordable Care Act , millions more Americans will be eligible for birth control coverage without a co-pay â€ ” which will have a tremendous impact for women across the country who find it a struggle to use contraception consistently because of its cost  . The U.S. is the largest investor in global family planning and HIV/AIDS programs in the world  . We need to protect these investments from budget cuts to ensure that women everywhere can plan and space their children 's births and prevent unintended pregnancy and disease  . As the United Nations recently declared , access to contraception is a universal human right  . We also need to fight for better access to safe and legal abortion at home and abroad  . As Halappanavar 's case devastatingly demonstrates , even during a planned pregnancy , a woman must sometimes consider an abortion  . The difficult decision to end a pregnancy , to choose adoption or to raise a child should be up to the woman , in consultation with her family , her faith and her doctor  . On January 22 , when my family honors the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade , I want to be able to tell my children that our country is moving forward , not turning back the clocks  . We will remember Savita Halappanavar on that day and repeat the mantra echoed at vigils in Ireland and around the world honoring her wholly preventable death : Never again  .
 President Obama made a couple of stupid little jokes about Vegas  . He uses our Las Vegas as a symbol  . Everyone knows what Vegas means  . Doc Pomus wrote `` Viva Las Vegas '' for Elvis years before Doc ever visited Sin City and got everything right  . Vegas means ... wild , irresponsible , what-happens-here-stays-here  . Smoke cigars , have sex with strangers , get wasted and see stupid shows with stupid Elvis impersonators doing stupid impressions of that stupid hillbilly  . That 's an image we know and love in Vegas  . It 's the image we spend our stupidly low tax money to promote  . `` What Happens in Vegas , Stays in Vegas '' was an official slogan  . It 's the Vegas image Katy Perry has in her video , `` Waking Up in Vegas , '' and Penn & Teller do a cameo in that video  . We all promote that image  . In Vegas , our service industry services that nutty image  . We make money off people thinking Vegas is a place to get stupid and waste money  . I know a joke when it bites me in the ass  . And I 've done plenty of jokes biting other people 's asses  . It 's my job  . It seemed like Obama was off-prompter for his Vegas bashing  . His attacks were n't like Ford trashing New York City ( I lived in NYC when Ford was doing all the Big Apple trashing - maybe it 's ME the presidents hate )  . Gerald Ford and Jesse Jackson meant it about NYC  . I know Obama does n't really hate Vegas  . I bet he 'd have a blast here , if he were still welcome  . Obama 's good-natured symbolic joke was an applause line  . People knew what he meant and agreed  . Yeah , do n't waste money on Vegas , send the children to college ! . The last time Obama made a negative comment about Vegas , some jumpy , patriotic , image-conscious corporations canceled some trips here  . That 's what we figure here in Vegas  . There 's no way to really know if many people really canceled  . Do people really go to the president for travel advice ? . But in Vegas , most of us make our money from tourism or serving others who make their money from tourism  . Tourism is what we really , really do in the Silver State  . It 's not like Obama is giving the Mojave subsidies for not growing soybeans  . It 's too easy to not grow soybeans in the stinking desert ; we do it for free  . Not farming is one of our Vegan gifts to the rest of the country  . We do n't know how much , but when the president of the United States of America makes his jokes about Vegas -- he costs real people real money  . Obama knows that no one cares if Penn Jillette has less money  . Obama is pretty happy to say that the rich ( and , man , am I rich  . I do n't have even 10 percent of the money Obama has , but I 'm rich by my hometown standards ) should have more money taken from them  . Who cares about a magician losing money ? . Not even me  . I 'll be fine  . My children will go to college if they want  . But , when people cancel trips to Vegas , I 'm not the one who gets laid off  . A few less people go to the Penn & Teller Theater , and we still do fine , but the hotels lay off other people  . It 's the people downstream of me who get punished for the president 's joke  . We all know what Obama thinks is so laughable about Vegas  . We know why we 're a symbol of wasteful stupidity  . We 're a city built on gambling  . It 's gambling no matter how much PR calls it `` gaming . '' . Things have changed over the past 10 years  . The shows and the restaurants are no longer loss leaders , we make real money on things other than gaming  . There 's a wonderful , normal suburban community here , but the symbol is still gambling  . We have gambling with money , but we also symbolize all sorts of other real-life gambling  . After your fiance dumps you , maybe you 'll fly to Vegas with the boys and someone who happens in Vegas will stay with you the rest of your life  . Maybe you 'll really get lucky  . Teller and I moved to Vegas to do our own show in our own theater  . We took a big chance  . Vegas also stands for stupid gambling like that  . Vegas is gambling in the broad sense , the idea that taking a wild chance on an unknown might turn out to be a good thing  . What 's the main thing that drives stupid gambling ? . Hope  . I 'm not sure how I feel about hope  . I do n't gamble in the casinos  . That kind of regimented hope seems less fun to me  . I 'm a skeptic  . I 'm pro-science  . I like to say I do n't believe in hope , but I had the hope to move to Vegas to do a magic show  . And I do hope that Vegas pulls through this bad economic time and people come and visit us and we do our stupid shows for all the stupid , hopeful people  . Obama , please remember , it was those stupid , very hopeful people who took the over on a stupid point spread on Obama with a stupid hope to help our country , which includes stupid Vegas  . The gamble Obama took with his run for president and the gamble that the American people took on him sure were n't taken at good odds  . It was n't putting everything we had on red in roulette , or `` do n't pass '' in craps , or carefully counting cards in blackjack  . Obama 's presidency is more than all of us putting our whole future on 00 in roulette  . It was more like putting everything we had on one slot pull at the stupid Elvis impersonator slot machine in the stupid Elvis casino for the stupid hillbillies who are filled with hope  . Maybe the Vegas jokes in the Beltway should stay in the Beltway  . Shortly after Obama 's comments , he sent a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , saying , `` I was n't saying anything negative about Las Vegas ... there is no place better to have fun than Vegas , one of our country 's great destinations  .
 On the afternoon last week when the Rod Blagojevich jury rendered its verdict , you just know that someone , in some entertainment-industry high-rise office suite somewhere , was seeing the invisible lightbulb click on :  . Eureka ! . The next big reality-show idea  . No , not a show about Blagojevich  . That 's not thinking big enough  . But as the anxiety built up during the 14 days of deliberations , as panels of journalists , attorneys and retired judges filled airtime guessing what the outcome would be , the concept was dangling out there like a fresh , ripe , red apple , just begging to be picked :  . A jury , deliberating  . On television  . Impossible , you say ? . It could never happen ? . Never say never  . The jury room is America 's last secret place  . Once the testimony in a trial has ended , and the door to the jury room closes , all is mystery  . High-powered lawyers , distinguished judges , hard-charging prosecutors , wealthy defendants  . . . all of them may be prominent during the public part of a trial , but once the jury begins its deliberations those courtroom players are as in the dark as anyone else  . In a society that seems to be willingly throwing away all vestiges of privacy , the jury room is still sacrosanct  . When trials end , some jurors decide to talk to reporters , but by then the outcome is public  . And a juror 's retelling of the deliberations , regardless of how precise , ca n't match the moment-to-moment tension of the real thing while it is unfolding  . A handful of times in the decades since television was introduced to the U.S. , judges have allowed documentary crews to record jury deliberations for future airing  . Such instances have been exceedingly rare  . With good reason  . Justice is not entertainment ; the determination of someone 's guilt or innocence is not amusement  . But , of course , just about everything else in American life has been turned into entertainment and amusement  . So we should n't rule out the possibility that at some point , in some state , rationalizations will be made and cameras will be placed in jury rooms for a continuing television series  . And how great a leap is it , really , from cameras in the courtrooms to cameras in the jury rooms ? . Reasons not to do it are myriad : Jurors might be reluctant to speak candidly knowing they are being watched by people at home ; some jurors , on the other hand , might seek stardom by playing to the cameras ; men and women who might make excellent jurors would be made uncomfortable by the whole process and ask not to serve  . The argument presented in favor of it will be that the jury system is such a fundamental part of the nation 's identity that the public would be well served to be able to see exactly what goes on as a case is decided  . There will be promises : no juror will be televised if he or she does n't want to ; no case will be sent to a jury room with cameras unless the judge , the prosecutors , the defense lawyers and the defendants agree on it  . Still think it wo n't happen ? . Here 's why it might :  . In some state somewhere in the U.S. , when dwindling budgets for the courts have reached crisis proportions , a proposal will be made by a television production company : We will pay [ fill in the monetary blanks ] dollars for the right to televise your juries  . With that money you can hire more judges , you can modernize your courtrooms , you can increase the number of prosecutors and public defenders  . This will be good for you , and will be good for society  . And someone , somewhere , will swallow hard and say yes  . Will the result be a nonfiction version of the cinematic classic `` 12 Angry Men '' ? . Or will it be `` Jersey Shore '' with bailiffs ? . The dramatic possibilities are unarguable  . If television viewers get breathless waiting to see who is voted off an island , think of the anticipation as the decision is made whether to set someone free or send him to prison  . `` Survivor , '' all right  . You can almost hear the promotional tagline now : `` Twelve strangers are sent into a small room  . By the time they come out. . . . '' Most judges would undoubtedly reject all this out of hand , but there are some who like publicity more than others  . With a big enough jury pool , it would hardly be difficult to find 12 men and women who would welcome the opportunity to deliberate on national television  . For every defense attorney who would find the concept abhorrent , there might be another who would silently think : My client does n't have much of a chance in this case anyway ; I might as well say yes to the jury being televised , because then I 'll have a video and audio record to search for errors that will help us win an appeal  . And the TV shows themselves ? . The jury deliberations would have to be heavily edited to get rid of the tedious parts  . Trials would be shown on a delayed basis , because most of the country would n't be familiar with the cases anyway , and would be unaware of the verdicts  . But when the ratings needed a boost , you can imagine the producers ' pitches to the presiding local judge :  . `` We want to do this one in real time , to be shown after court ends each night You know how sometimes you instruct jurors not to read the papers or watch TV ? . Well , the hook this time will be to turn that around  . The whole country will be watching the jury on TV -- but you 'll forbid the defendant , the prosecutors and the defense attorneys from watching  . They 'll be the only people in America who wo n't know what the jurors are saying. . . . '' This all sounds like a bad dream , right ? . In other words : television gold  .
 Here is an unlikely duel : It 's Jeb Bush , former Florida governor and possible 2016 GOP presidential hopeful , vs. Matt Damon , actor and activist  . The topic : School accountability measures that rely on high-stakes testing to determine which students are learning , which educators are teaching and which schools are working  . Bush supports the tests , Damon opposes them  . More on how their paths crossed in a minute  . First , take it from someone who taught for four years as a substitute teacher in my old school district in Central California and who has written about education reform for more than two decades : Many educators do n't want to advertise to the world how well their students are doing academically because , from there , it 's a short walk to grading teacher performance  . That is what accountability is all about  . You probably have it in your job  . I have it in mine  . But a lot of public school teachers want nothing to do with it  . Accountability includes the No Child Left Behind law , which set forth the radical proposition that all students should be at grade level in math and reading by 2014  . The law also broke down testing data according to race and ethnicity , so minority communities could see how well the public schools in their neighborhoods are serving their students.Â  . Enter Damon , whose mother , Nancy Carlsson-Paige , is a professor of early childhood education at Lesley University in Boston  . Damon is himself a product of public schools , a fact that he eagerly shared with the crowd of teachers that he addressed in Washington in July 2011 as part of a protest called `` Save Our Schools . '' . The protesters had gathered because they were upset with the Obama administration , which has picked up the mantle of high-stakes testing from its predecessor through its own education reform initiative , `` Race to the Top . '' . In his remarks , Damon looked back fondly on his own educational experience while criticizing high-stakes testing and other school accountability measures  . `` As I look at my life today , '' he told the crowd , `` the things I value most about myself -- my imagination , my love of acting , my passion for writing , my love of learning , my curiosity -- all come from how I was parented and taught  . And none of these qualities that I 've just mentioned -- none of these qualities that I prize so deeply , that have brought me so much joy , that have brought me so much professional success -- none of these qualities that make me who I am ... can be tested . '' . The crowd roared  . More recently , Damon -- who grew up in the Boston area but now lives in the Los Angeles area -- has opened a can of worms by recently revealing to the Guardian newspaper that , his love for the public schools notwithstanding , he made other arrangements for his own kids  . `` Sending our kids in my family to private school was a big , big , big deal , '' Damon said in the interview  . `` And it was a giant family discussion  . But it was a circular conversation , really , because ultimately we do n't have a choice  . I mean , I pay for a private education , and I 'm trying to get the one that most matches the public education that I had , but that kind of progressive education no longer exists in the public system . '' . The public schools are not progressive enough ? . In Los Angeles ? . Really ? . So despite his fondness for public schools , the 42-year-old actor does n't want his children anywhere near them  . Oh , oh  . This caught the attention of Jeb Bush , who last week took to Twitter to denounce Damon 's hypocrisy  . Jeb Bush ( @ JebBush ) tweeted :  . `` Matt Damon Refuses to Enroll Kids in Los Angeles Public Schools  . Choice ok for Damon , why not everyone else ? '' . Fair ? . You bet  . Damon has long been a cheerleader for the public schools , and so the actor deserved this spanking for his self-serving `` good enough for thee , but not for me '' defense of a public school system that he and his own family have abandoned  . Others have said the same thing  . Yet now it is Bush 's turn to get spanked  . The liberal media is already -- surprise -- attacking the Republican presidential contender in defense of the Hollywood celebrity  . Some have even pointed out that Bush also sent his kids to private school and insisted that this makes the Republican the real hypocrite  . I do n't agree  . Bush supports school choice and he practiced in his own family  . Where 's the inconsistency ? . The real issue in this story is n't the personalities  . It 's the policy  . It was not smart of Damon to attack high-stakes testing -- especially since his own kids , because they attend private school , do n't have to worry about how bad some of our public schools would be without the accountability measures that their daddy opposes so vehemently  .
 The internet empowers each one of us to speak , create , learn and share  . Today , more than two billion people are online â€ ” about a third of the planet  . The internet has become one of the motors of the 21st century economy , allowing all of us to reach a global audience at a click of a mouse and creating hundreds of thousands of businesses and millions of jobs  . According to a new OECD study , the net already accounts of 13 % of American business output , impacting every industry , from communications to cars , and restaurants to retail  . Not since Johannes Gutenberg invented the printing press , or Alexander Graham Bell the telephone , has a human invention empowered so many and offered so much possibility for benefiting humankind  . Today , this free and open net is under threat  . Some 42 countries filter and censor content out of the 72 studied by the Open Net Initiative  . This does n't even count serial offenders such as North Korea and Cuba  . Over the past two years , Freedom House says governments have enacted 19 new laws threatening online free expression  . Some of these governments are trying to use a closed-door meeting of The International Telecommunication Union that opens on December 3 in Dubai to further their repressive agendas  . Accustomed to media control , these governments fear losing it to the open internet  . They worry about the spread of unwanted ideas  . They are angry that people might use the internet to criticize their governments  . The ITU is bringing together regulators from around the world to renegotiate a decades-old treaty that was focused on basic telecommunications , not the internet  . Some proposals leaked to the WICITLeaks website from participating states could permit governments to justify censorship of legitimate speech -- or even justify cutting off internet access by reference to amendments to the International Telecommunications Regulations ( ITRs )  . Read more : Why are n't robots doing my dishes yet ? . Several authoritarian regimes reportedly propose to ban anonymity from the web , making it easier to find and arrest dissidents  . Others have proposed moving the responsibilities of the private sector system that manages domain names and internet addresses to the United Nations  . Yet other proposals would require any internet content provider , small or large , to pay new tolls in order to reach people across borders  . The upshot ? . The next garage-based phenomena would face a steep and probably insurmountable financial hurdle in its effort to become the next YouTube , Facebook or Skype  . Let us be clear : We do not advocate for an end to the ITU  . The UN agency has helped the world manage radio spectrum and wired and wireless telephone networks , bringing much needed investment to the developing world  . But this inter-governmental agency is the wrong place to make decisions about the future of the internet  . Only governments have a vote at the ITU  . This includes governments that do not support a free and open internet  . Engineers , companies , and people that build and use the web have no vote  . The multi-stakeholder model of internet policy development that is the hallmark of the Internet Engineering Task Force , the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , the Internet Governance Forum , the Regional Internet Registries , among many others , is the only sensible way forward  . Transparency and openness are keys to informed participation in policy making  . The proposals for amending the ITRs are not generally available to the public or other stakeholders  . The treaty conference and proposals in Dubai are formally confidential  . We consider this to be a serious deficiency and an inhibitor to thoughtful policy development  . At Google , we see and feel the dangers of the government-led net crackdown  . We operate in about 150 countries around the globe  . Our services - including Search , YouTube and Blogger , to Gmail and Maps - have been blocked at some point , temporarily or permanently , in more than 30 different countries  . We 're not alone in standing up  . Users , experts and organizations from around the world have voiced their opposition to governments justifying their regulation of the internet through the ITU 's International Telecommunication Regulations  . These include countries not just in the West , but also African internet leaders such as Kenya and North African beacons such as Tunisia  . In all , more than 1000 organizations from more than 160 countries have raised concerns about the upcoming closed-door meeting in Dubai  . Internet lovers around the world can learn more about the issue on our website -- and if they choose to do so , can pledge their support  . While some governments argue that the internet needs new global rules to speed its rollout in the developing world , we believe the present market-driven approach is best positioned to keep up with the net 's exponential growth  . Broadband services are being rolled out  . Service interruptions remain rare  . Within a few years the net is predicted to be serving four billion users -- more than half of humanity ! . The bottom-up , loosely-coupled , bilateral and multi-stakeholder practices that have created the network of networks we call the internet allow for a broad range of business models  . The critical technical standards developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force and the World Wide Web Consortium create interoperability  . A state-controlled system of regulation is not only unnecessary , it would almost invariably raise costs and prices and interfere with the rapid and organic growth of the internet we have seen since its commercial emergence in the 1990s  . The net 's future is far from assured and history offers much warning  . Within a few decades of Gutenberg 's creation , princes and priests moved to restrict the right to print books  . History is rife with examples of governments taking actions to `` protect '' their citizens from harm by controlling access to information and inhibiting freedom of expression and other freedoms outlined in The Universal Declaration of Human Rights  . We must make sure , collectively , that the internet avoids a similar fate  .
 The Republicans have made it clear where their focus is this week with their convention slogan , `` Country First . '' . With the abundance of flags , chants of `` U.S.A. , U.S.A. '' and tributes to those in the military , they have been laying it on thick  . Sen. John McCain has often talked about the need for Americans to dedicate themselves to service , namely military , and he is on the money  . But a line of attack that was used consistently last night by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , and later by Alaska Gov  . Sarah Palin , tried to call into question whether community organizers put their country first  . Palin focused on the issue , mainly to criticize the Obama campaign for offering up his community organizing work opposite her experience as mayor  . But when you examine Giuliani 's dismissive tone -- and the subsequent laughter by the Republicans in the XCel Energy Center -- regarding the community organizer jabs , the Democrats could have an opening  . After praising Palin 's speech , I said as much , and that they can expect the Obama-Biden camp to seize on that point  . This morning , I read an e-mail from Obama campaign manager David Plouffe , who incorporated the community organizer argument into a fundraising appeal  . Republican operatives I talked to said the lines were brilliant and that community organizers do n't play to the GOP 's strength  . I disagree  . And so do the many folks who have sent me angry e-mails  . They include white Republicans , black Democrats , people from Small Town , U.S.A. , and Big City , America  . At a time when Americans are losing their homes to foreclosure , folks are trying to get by after layoffs , people are struggling with lack of healthcare , and we 're facing pressing environmental issues , it 's ludicrous to slam the little man and woman who is n't asking the government for handouts , but is doing what they can to make their neighborhood and city better  . I think of my parents  . As a child growing up in the Clinton Park neighborhood in Houston , Texas , my parents were just regular folks trying to raise their five children ( sounds like Gov  . Sarah Palin )  . They were always present at our local elementary school ( sounds like Gov  . Sarah Palin ) and were heavily involved in our church  . But our neighborhood was dying  . Drugs were ravaging it  . Older homeowners were dying and their children did n't want to live there , so they began renting to people who really did n't care  . We saw abandoned homes , weeded lots , no sidewalks , a park falling into disrepair , and a senior citizen center shuttered  . So they joined several others neighbors and decided to form a civic club  . Others called them crazy for trying to advance their ideas , but they did n't give up  . They enlisted their children in passing out flyers and putting up signs , notifying folks of the monthly meetings  . A few folks showed up , but they kept going  . And going  . And going  . And going  . After months , and then years , we began to see progress : Stepped up police patrols and crack houses raided by the Houston police , DEA and FBI  . Abandoned houses torn down  . Weeded lots cut  . More heavy trash pickup days  . New streetlights  . New sidewalks  . New sewer pipes  . A refurbished park  . Bottom line , these average , low- to middle-income people did n't have political power  . They focused on people power  . They organized a community to take action  . iReport.com : Is Palin really ready to start an experience debate ? . So when Rudy Giuliani and Palin mock community organizers , they do n't just toss a barb at Sen. Barack Obama , they demean Reginald and Emelda Martin  . They degrade the women who fought for their rights  . They disrespect the labor activists and immigrant worker activists like Cesar Chavez  . They dismiss those in the civil rights movement -- folks from small town America who were sick and tired of being sick and tired  . They thumb their noses at the Nelson Mandelas of the world who want a better life for their children  . It would have been perfectly fine for Giuliani and Palin to say that Obama 's community organizing days did n't amount to enough experience to be president  . But when you openly laugh and mock those hard-working Americans who are in the trenches every day , then you really do n't care about `` Country First '' or service  . Will this be a major deal or a ripple ? . Likely the latter  . But the one thing I know about community organizers is that they know how to organize communities  . And if the McCain-Palin ticket wants to win , they best not slap those folks they need for voter registration drives and systems to get folks to the polls  . Community organizers are always told they ca n't do something or are dismissed as meaningless  . Yet they often have the last laugh  . Rudy Giuliani , Sarah Palin and John McCain might want to remember that  .
 Biomedical research is complicated  . For patients , the pace of progress can be frustratingly slow  . Two announcements last month -- one about biomarkers , the other about stem cell research -- left many of us feeling that for every promising discovery , there are even greater setbacks  . We started August with good news about the discovery of an Alzheimer 's biological marker in spinal fluid that will allow earlier diagnosis of patients who are experiencing some memory loss  . It may not sound sexy  . But for Alzheimer 's patients and their loved ones , the significance of this finding is hard to overstate  . Biomarkers , which are substances or characteristics in our bodies that are associated with the risk or presence of disease , are critical tools in the quest for therapies that can slow or stop the progression of neurodegenerative diseases  . Until now , Alzheimer 's researchers , like those in the Parkinson 's field , have not had the benefit of a biomarker to guide their discovery  . This major breakthrough was the result of an unprecedented data sharing and collaboration  . A consortium of scientists and executives across academia , government , industry , and the nonprofit world pooled their collective interests into one larger , collaborative platform , the Alzheimer 's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative ( ADNI )  . In just six years -- a relatively short time in biomedical research -- they announced success  . But with this one step forward came two steps backward two weeks ago when a U.S. judge granted a preliminary injunction to halt federal funding for embryonic stem cell research  . This ruling , which is even more restrictive than President Bush 's stem cell research policies , goes against the beliefs of the majority of Americans ( in an August 2010 poll conducted by Research ! America , 70 percent of respondents said they favor expanded funding for stem cell research ) and wastes more precious time for the millions of people suffering from chronic diseases  . As a person with Parkinson 's , it 's hugely frustrating to think that one decision can actively hold back research that holds promise to transform lives  . Patients with neurodegenerative diseases dream of the day when disease-modifying treatments are found , instead of therapies that simply mask symptoms  . Disease-modifying therapies create the possibility of newly diagnosed patients never having to experience full-blown disease  . The Michael J  . Fox Foundation has long championed the scientific freedom to pursue all promising paths to finding these treatments  . Biomarker discovery and stem cell science are among the innovative areas of biomedical research that hold potential to speed progress  . So while our foundation gears up to launch its most ambitious biomarker discovery project to date , the Parkinson 's Progression Markers Initiative , with ADNI as a precedent , we 'll also be standing with Parkinson 's patients , their loved ones and the majority of Americans who want us to move beyond political agendas and advance the promise of stem cell research  . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael J  .
 It 's time for some tiger cubs to approvingly roar for our strict parents , their domineering ways and their inflexibly high standards  . The current depiction of tiger parenting is decidedly negative  . Kim Wong Keltner 's book on `` Tiger Babies Strike Back '' and Su Yeong Kim 's report `` Does Tiger Parenting Exist ? . Parenting Profiles of Chinese Americans and Adolescent Developmental Outcomes '' suggest that strict Asian-style parenting produces an army of disengaged or emotionally stunted robots  . While I ca n't speak for everyone , my own experience suggests that such upbringing also gives us the smarts to recognize our emotional and social deficiencies and to address them  . My parents are immigrants from Taiwan  . I was an only child , and I was expected to excel academically and extracurricularly  . So , I delivered  . I got straight A 's  . I played violin for hours  . I did extra math , chemistry and physics problem sets under the eagle-eyed gaze of my mother  . Through it all , I cried and screamed  . A lot  . My mom yelled back  . A lot  . I told her I hated my life , my teachers , my school and all my activities  . She yelled that I just had to get through it  . Quitting was not an option  . And of course she was right  . Opinion : Tiger moms , do n't turn your kids into robots  . I owe everything I am and have accomplished to my parents  . My family expected a lot from me only because they believed in me and wanted the best for me  . They pushed me to excel because they valued me as an individual  . Tiger parents express their love through expectation of greatness , not in acceptance of mediocrity  . Some people interpret such expectation as parental rejection of their worth as individuals  . I always interpreted such crushing expectation as the ultimate belief in my self-worth  . I knew that I was not being set up to fail  . My mother did not push me to excel because she prized my accomplishments more than my feelings  . She listened to my feelings , but she also knew that my teenage feelings were volatile and irrational  . She knew better than to let my future be derailed by such feelings  . My mother also knows that life has many obstacles , some external , many internal  . She loved me too much to let me give up easily when confronted with those obstacles  . For that I am eternally grateful  . I gained confidence and resilience from tackling my endless workload and from fighting through sleep deprivation  . I knew that I was capable of getting through seemingly impossible situations  . I knew that if I failed , then I just had to try harder  . Failure is not a permanent state , but merely a temporary challenge that had to be tackled creatively  . The knock against tiger parenting style is that it does not foster emotional and social development  . Well , it partly comes down to expressing love and affection differently  . Tiger parents may not often say `` I love you , '' but actions speak louder than words  . My family never would have spent the time , money and effortâ€ ” not to mention the emotional energyâ€ ” on me if they did not love me  . They never said this , of course  . But I knew  . Sure , my mother viewed socializing with others as a waste of time  . She wanted me to be valedictorian , not homecoming queen  . I did n't attend my homecoming  . I was probably studying or working on my science project  . Now , I readily acknowledge that there is great value in socializing with others , and that my current social skills probably would be better if I had more time to hang out at the mall or at Denny 's  . But childhood hours are limited  . Each child only has about 157,680 hours before he/she turns 18  . The opportunity cost of being an accomplished child is that it takes away time from making friends and nurturing relationships  . For me , the tradeoff was worth it  . There are skills that can only be learned in childhood  . It is hard for a student to catch up academically if she is significantly behind in high school  . But someone can become more self-aware , work on social skills and learn negotiating tactics later in life  . Without the skills and expertise that is a result of excelling , I would never have the chance to sit at the important tables to participate in the discussions , no matter how great my social skills  . I value my tiger cub upbringing mostly for the tools it gives me to make a difference in my community  . I know plenty of grown up tiger cubs who tutor at-risk youth , advocate for the disadvantaged , and generally strive to improve the world  . Our childhood accomplishments enable us to meaningfully contribute to our communities  . And is n't that where self-awareness and proper socialization lead us all ? .
 It was a June day in 2000  . The Yankees were facing the Braves at Turner Field  . I was on hand to profile one of Atlanta 's players for Sports Illustrated , but my cell phone rang , and a dreadful request followed  . `` Supposedly Derek Jeter and Mariah Carey are dating , '' my editor said  . `` Can you go ask him about it ? '' . Glub  . I was 27 years old , relatively new to the baseball beat  . There are things I 'd have been willing to ask Jeter  . Do you like cats ? . What 's your favorite song on the new John Oates CD ? . Have you ever been to Malta ? . The one thing I did n't want to ask him about was his all-over-the-gossip-pages relationship with Mariah Carey  . Alas , I needed to keep my job  . I entered the Yankee clubhouse and immediately spotted Jeter , alone by his locker , changing into his uniform  . I introduced myself  . He nodded  . `` Derek , '' I said , `` I hate asking you this , and I 'm really embarrassed , but my editor insisted  . He wanted me to approach you about Mariah Carey . '' . I expected Jeter to tell me to bug off  . I expected Jeter to demand my removal from his space  . I did not expect what ensued — laughter  . `` Listen , '' he said , grinning , `` I understand you 're just doing your job  . I really do  . And I 'm not mad or irritated  . But I 'm not going to comment , because it 's no one 's business but mine  . Just because I play baseball does n't mean I have to tell everyone everything  . My life is my life . '' . We shook hands , and I walked off — content and relieved , but mostly impressed  . Now , 14 years later , with Jeter announcing that the upcoming season will be his last , I remain impressed  . Actually , scratch that  . Really , when I think of Jeter , the classy Yankee shortstop whose 2019 Hall of Fame induction is a 100 % lock , the word that pops into my head is encouraged  . Yes , I am encouraged  . Derek Jeter , you see , does not have a Twitter account  . He does not refer to himself in the third person or have his nickname tattooed across his back  . ( Come to think of it , he does n't really have a nickname . ) . He 's never gone out of his way to publicly humiliate an opponent or prop himself up with inane boasts of superiority  . If the words `` I 'm the man '' ever escaped his lips , they were surely followed by , `` ... who ordered the pizza about 20 minutes ago  . I decided to pick it up instead  . Can I also grab a bottle of water and some napkins ? '' . Throughout the first 18 seasons of his career , Jeter has often been labeled `` dull '' by the media  . His answers to questions are unimaginative and full of cliché baseball nothingness blather  . In hindsight , however , such lameness is almost to be admired  . We live in an era where too many athletes feel as if they need to draw attention to themselves — for confidence , for commercials  . If you 're not tweeting trash talk , you 're texting trash talk  . Or making bold promises  . Or demanding money or respect  . Jeter has both money and respect , byproducts of a dogged work ethic and a need to play with 100 % ferocity , health be damned  . His 3,316 hits are the most in Yankee history , and his 256 home runs , 1,261 RBIs , 348 stolen bases and .312 lifetime batting average serve as odes to a continued brilliance  . Most important , you never hear a bad word about the man  . Back in 1997 , Sports Illustrated ran a cover story on the next generation of Major League shortstops  . The piece highlighted the skills of Jeter , Seattle 's Alex Rodriguez , Toronto 's Alex Gonzalez , Florida 's Edgar Renteria and the Mets ' Rey Ordonez  . The men were listed as near-equals , and writer Tom Verducci noted that , `` Not since 1941 have so many young shortstops arrived with this much potential . '' . Before long , however , things changed  . Ordonez never learned to hit  . Gonzalez was merely OK. Renteria spent many years in the game as a good but not especially great player  . Rodriguez was doomed by accusations of doping  . That left Jeter — the most understated of the group , the most professional of the group  . He will be remembered by many people for many things  . Among Yankee fans , he 's grouped with Ruth , Gehrig , DiMaggio and Mantle as pinstriped royalty  . Among Red Sox fans , he 's a thorn to the skull  . Among Oakland fans , he 's a killer of dreams  . To me , though , he 's a guy who merely wanted to be a guy  . That 's what makes him exceptional  .
 To the Republican voters in the other 49 states , I sympathize with you  . It must be painful to turn on every cable and broadcast network , read the websites and follow the blogs and realize that you mean absolutely nothing when it comes to choosing a GOP nominee for president of the United States  . Please , do n't even bother  . Iowa has it all under control , and what happens there , and in New Hampshire , will settle the race once and for all  . What a load of animal droppings on the Iowa farm fields  . Conventional wisdom , which really means the opinions of the smart , politically savvy know-it-all sages in Washington , says that if you do n't win Iowa or place high there , you wo n't be able to raise the money to continue , and you might as well go home and lick your wounds  . Remember when that was the standard talk in 2008 after then-Sen. Barack Obama won Iowa ? . The political elites said if he beat Sen. Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire , the race was over  . A lot of voters in the Granite State were offended to hear that , especially women , and backed Clinton  . As a result , those two fought it out for another five months in a grueling race for the Democratic presidential nomination  . It has always offended me that voters in the other states are seen as also-rans  . And that 's the No  . 1 reason why Michigan , Florida , Nevada and South Carolina threatened or successfully moved their primaries and caucuses : They wanted to matter , and not just accept what Iowa and New Hampshire gave them  . No GOP candidate should entertain the notion of dropping out of the race based on what happens in Iowa on Tuesday night  . Why end it after one state ? . I bet former Minnesota Gov  . Tim Pawlenty regrets dropping out after the Ames , Iowa , straw poll , which Rep. Michele Bachmann won  . Was he having money issues ? . Sure  . But so were Bachmann , Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain  . The latter two vaulted to the top of the polls based on debate performances  . See , it paid to keep going  . It 's true that Iowa can be a game changer if you are not expected to win  . It was a huge boost for Obama in 2008 , but for past Iowa winners such as Mike Huckabee , Pat Buchanan and Paul Tsongas , it did n't lead to winning their respective party 's presidential nomination  . Now I doubt Mitt Romney , Ron Paul or even Rick Santorum will slip up after Tuesday night , but no one knows for sure  . We 've seen a lot of crazy things happen in this race so far  . So we might as well be prepared for the unpredictable  . In fact , I find it hilarious that so many folks in the chattering class say it 's all about Iowa , and Mitt Romney turns into The Dominator if he wins  . Yet if Ron Paul wins , the results do n't matter  . Really ? . So excuse me if I sound like a contrarian by refusing to buy the media hype of putting so much on Iowa  . It 's one of 50 states  . It 's the first , sure  . But it sure as hell should n't be the last , or even next to last , for all of the candidates  .
 The release of a secretly recorded tape of Mitt Romney speaking to campaign donors highlights a risk facing the Republican Party -- of becoming perceived as the party of mean  . After a vicious assault from Democrats that portrayed Romney as a vulture capitalist who cared little about saving middle-class jobs , his remarks to a group of campaign donors about the 47 % of Americans who do n't pay taxes being dependent on government handouts only intensified the perception that he represents a party that is uninterested in protecting average Americans  . A New York Times editorial characterized Romney as a `` class warrior '' seeking to `` protect the rich by turning the working poor and middle class into the enemy . '' . Romney 's problem is one that Republicans have been struggling with more broadly for years  . Many in the party have forgotten an essential element of Ronald Reagan 's legacy : his insistence that conservatism had to be packaged as a positive force , as an argument about how to expand the global rights of individuals and make all American families more secure  . He was determined to appeal to middle- and working-class Americans who were not satisfied with the Democrats  . Opinion : The true difference between Obama , Romney  . Reagan was acutely aware of the need to present this kind of argument for conservatism , because he had vivid memories of the 1964 presidential campaign , when Republican Sen. Barry Goldwater was devastated by Lyndon Johnson 's attacks on him as a radical extremist  . On the campaign trail and in the White House , Ronald Reagan was always conscious of articulating a vision of conservatism that offered more than just an agenda of gutting social programs or only protecting the `` national interest '' through brute force  . On foreign policy , Reagan spoke of a tough anti-communism that would protect the rights of those who lived under Soviet totalitarianism  . He embraced the rhetoric of neoconservatism by championing a strong stand against the Soviet Union as a way to protect democracy around the world  . He drew on the language that conservatives had used since the 1940s , focusing on the need to free oppressed people in places like Eastern Europe  . Reagan also talked about the quest for abolishing nuclear arms , a cause that he had supported for much of his adult life  . He emphasized `` peace through strength '' as a reason to resist what he considered reckless arms negotiations and building up America 's defense arsenal so the United States could win the concessions that would be needed from the Soviets to draw down nuclear weapons  . As Reagan said in his stirring , impromptu 1976 speech at the Republican convention , telling the delegates what people would be thinking a hundred years from then if they read a letter he put into a time capsule , `` Will they look back with appreciation and say , 'Thank God for those people in 1976 who headed off that loss of freedom , and kept us now 100 years later free , who kept our world from nuclear destruction ? '' . Reagan employed the same kind of rhetoric on domestic policy  . His principal economic policy , supply-side economics , focused on cutting taxes on the wealthy with the promise that it would stimulate economic growth for everyone and bring more revenue into the federal government without raising taxes  . `` This administration 's objective , '' Reagan said in his inaugural address , `` will be a healthy , vigorous , growing economy that provides equal opportunity for all Americans , with no barriers born of bigotry or discrimination  . Putting America back to work means putting all Americans back to work . '' . Reagan had his hard edges for sure  . He railed against `` welfare queens , '' a vision of poor women cheating the system of government benefits  . He supported steep cuts in many domestic programs such as food stamps that aided the neediest Americans  . Moreover , many of his arguments about supply-side economics were discredited and his foreign policy was much less consistent than he stated when it came to protecting democracy  . Opinion : Obama clueless on Mideast turmoil  . But at least politically , Reagan understood that Republicans had to appeal to broad segments of the population , or they would lose  . Early in his presidency , George W. Bush tried to bring back some of Reagan 's spirit with his ideas about `` compassionate conservatism '' as well as his use of human rights as a guide for foreign policy  . Yet many of his economic policies , including the tax cuts for the wealthy and effort to privatize Social Security , as well as the immense problems of the war in Iraq , undercut his ability to revive this vision of conservatism  . Without a positive message , conservatism faces the risk of seeming primarily like a harsh creed , an ideology for those who are intent on disciplining people who have supposedly become dependent on government  . Unfortunately for conservatives , that includes a huge array of Americans , from the elderly to defense contractors to young children in schools  . If this rhetoric continues , the GOP is at risk of becoming the party that takes away government services , takes away immigration rights , takes away social rights , but does n't offer anything back  . The 47 % speech played right into this theme  . And the polls are all moving in the wrong direction for the GOP  . There are fewer and fewer voices such as former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , who recently , according to Politico , has been working hard to find bipartisan agreement on health care issues and who is publicly willing to acknowledge how the government is sometimes needed to alleviate problems  . `` As a doctor , '' he wrote in The Week , `` I strongly believe that people without health insurance die sooner  . ... State exchanges are the solution . '' . If the GOP ignores the kind of backlash it has encountered , it risks falling right back to 1964 or even 1932 , when Democrats were able to paint Republicans as a ruthless party only intent on protecting the prosperous  . `` Our Republican leaders tell us economic lawsâ€ ” sacred , inviolable , unchangeableâ€ ” cause panics which one could prevent , '' President Franklin D. Roosevelt said in his inaugural address in 1932 , `` But while they prate of economic laws , men and women are starving  . We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature  . They are made by human beings . '' . If Republicans are not careful , Democrats will find it easy enough to revitalize FDR 's rhetorical assault and to make it extraordinarily difficult for Republicans to regain control of Washington  .
 A young woman claims she was in a car with her fiancé when three police officers came by  . She says two of them raped her while the third kept guard and later attempted to extort money from her fiancé  . All parties involved were arrested -- the woman , her fiancé , and the three police officers  . The 27-year-old woman was charged with public indecency  . What has shocked the public about the incident is not only the preposterousness of the young lady 's arrest , but the subsequent accusation by the judges that has effectively transformed a victim into an offender  . News : Police say woman , husband were in `` immoral position '' International human rights organizations have historically held that rape by security forces amounts to torture  . In Tunisia , rape is a serious crime that is severely punished  . This single incident brings to the forefront how such transgressions are allowed to take place , and reveals serious flaws in the Tunisian criminal justice system and in Tunisian law as a whole  . The incident also highlights the current government 's lack of competence in addressing the issues that affect Tunisians most directly  . A Ministry of Human Rights spokesman told CNN : `` These kind of crimes and violations committed by the police rarely happen and do not represent the security system  . The judicial system did its role and the three accused policemen are arrested . '' . Throughout Ben Ali 's era , police officers have had free reign in the country  . They pillaged , raped , and repressed citizens all over the nation  . They were , after all , the former dictator 's trusted safe keepers  . Today 's police force constitutes the very same apparatus that kept the former president in power  . The Ministry of Interior has not made a significant effort ( if any at all ) to reform the ministry -- which would include retraining the police , doing away with repressive security measures and , most importantly , removing the figures that have long represented oppression from the ministry 's leadership roles  . In fact , as of today , all that has been accomplished is the formation of a `` task force '' that aims to discuss possibilities of reform  . The task force only held its first meeting on September 27 -- months after the current minister of the interior took office  . On the legislative front , there have been no changes in citizen protection laws since the National Constituent Assembly was voted in  . One of the assembly 's latest encounters with women 's rights dealt with a clause drafted by the constitutional Committee on Rights and Liberties  . The clause relegated women to a `` complementary '' status with men , and would have been included in the final constitution had it not been struck down by the central coordination committee  . It is important to remember that women 's rights in Tunisia today do not depend on the actions of a few , and that while progress is slow , not all is lost  . Women in Tunisia have long enjoyed a Personal Status Code that is advanced when compared to neighboring countries  . There is a serious risk , however , that any progress brought forth by the code could be reversed  . Whereas civil society has been vigilant in defending this young woman 's rights and raising awareness about violence against women , the government has yet to act in a constructive manner  . Many official figures , particularly those hailing from the ruling Islamist party Ennahda , have been defending the judiciary 's decisions  . For example , Amer Laarayedh , the head of Ennahda 's political bureau and a member of the Constituent Assembly , insists that the protests taking place in support of the victim are attempts by the opposition to bring down the government  . The Ministry of Justice denies that the victim was even accused  . The Ministry of Interior retains that the couple was found in an `` immoral position '' when the police first stopped the car  . The courts and Tunisian government had a historic opportunity to define Tunisian society and rebuke state impunity  . But instead of standing up against the heinous crime of rape and affirming the need to respect human dignity , the Tunisian judiciary and Ministry of Interior have put human rights to shame  . Following Tuesday 's hearing , the victim 's lawyers have expressed optimism that the charges brought forth against her would be dropped  . The incident , however , calls for a serious review of Tunisian law -- including those codifying public morality or criminalizing indecency  . * CNN put Hassine 's points to the Tunisian government  . In relation to the public indecency charge against the 27-year-old woman , a Ministry of Human Rights spokesman said : `` Amnesty ( International ) said that the Tunisian authorities must drop the indecency charges but how can the government interfere in the judicial system ? . In all democracies , the judicial system is independent and makes its own decisions  . It is up to the judge to decide whether she is guilty or not  . In my personal opinion , I hope the charges will be dropped however , I should not let my opinion influence the decision of the judge . '' .
 IBM recently released its annual 5 in 5 list , in which the technology company tries to predict emerging trends and technologies that will transform our lives over the next five years  . No  . 4 on this year 's list concerned mobile technology  . Specifically , IBM says that , thanks to mobile technology , the digital divide will soon cease to exist  . In a video , IBM put it this way : `` In our global society , the wealth of economies are decided by the level of access to information  . And in five years , the gap between information haves and have-nots will cease to exist due to the advent of mobile technology . '' . The digital divide ( a term that refers to the gap between people who do and do n't have high-speed Internet access ) is an increasingly important issue for the nation , the economy and the world  . Without Internet access , it 's getting harder to apply for jobs , get an education , stay in touch with friends and family -- and keep up with news that affects your life  . Still , it will probably take much longer than five years -- if ever -- for significant inequities in access to digital information and services to disappear entirely  . The digital divide may look quite different in five years , but it will probably still be with us  . Here 's why :  . Mobile phones can help close the digital divide , but using the Internet on a phone has some drawbacks  . That 's a point Kathryn Zickhur makes in an upcoming report on the digital divide for the Pew Internet and American Life project  . `` Mobile Internet users experience the Internet differently because they have a small screen and often slower data connections  . But they tend to always have their device with them -- which means they can constant access to information , '' she said  . `` So mobile net users might not be able to engage with certain online services as easily as they could on a laptop computer , but they do have more ubiquitous access . '' . According to Pew , once consumers acquired a wireless device , they start using the Internet more actively -- especially to connect with others  . People go online from their phones not just to get information , but to share and create -- even more than before  . Pew also found that a substantial portion of U.S. adults are choosing smartphones over computers for Internet access  . Young adults ( aged 18-29 ) , blacks and Hispanics , people who never attended college , and those with an annual household income of less than $ 30,000 are not only more likely than the average American to use smartphones -- they 're also especially likely use their phone as their main way to get online  . Furthermore , about a third of Americans who mostly go online from their phones do n't have high-speed broadband internet access at home  . Then there 's the problem of who does or does not have high-speed Internet access  . What constitutes `` fast enough '' online access is a moving target as technology and online services evolve  . As I wrote earlier , even in developed nations like the United States , not everyone with a mobile device will have access to -- or more importantly , be able to afford -- robust mobile devices and fast ( 4G speeds or above ) wireless data networks  . A couple of years ago 3G qualified as `` wireless broadband , '' but as U.S. carriers roll out faster 4G networks , increasingly having only 3G access may leave you on the wrong side of the digital divide  . In order to get faster 4G network access on your mobile device , you 'll need a 4G compatible phone and a 4G data plan  . These cost consumers more than simpler handsets and slower networks  . However , Paul Bloom , IBM 's chief technology officer for telco research , did note a few intriguing mobile trends that could help lessen the digital divide in the next five years  . One of these is `` peer-to-peer access '' -- in which mobile devices can connect directly with each other , rather than though cable or phone companies  . This could provide more Internet access to more people , at least within a fairly small geographic location  . `` If you have bandwidth that you 're not using , someone else who needs additional bandwidth communicates with you to get that additional access , '' wrote Bloom  . In addition to redistributing existing Internet access , peer-to-peer networking technologies ( such as near field communications or Bluetooth ) can allow people to set up their own local independent miniature Internet -- a technique called `` mesh networking . '' . Earlier this year protesters in Egypt set up mesh networks to get around government-imposed blackouts of Internet and phone access  . Bloom also noted the growing role of `` machine-to-machine communications , '' which could allow cell phones and other mobile devices to connect people to useful services  . `` People wo n't initiate communication for information , '' he predicted  . `` For example , your mobile phone will have access to your electronic health care records while also monitoring your vitals , such as blood pressure , in real time  . A system could notify and connect you to a doctor if your blood pressure is out of a normal range . '' . In the next five years we will undoubtedly see lots more wearable mobile devices ( such as the new Jawbone UP health monitor ) and communication-enabled `` smarter objects '' in our environment ( such as smart appliances )  . Over time , these extra points of data and communication will also interact with phones ( even simpler , cheaper phones ) to play some role in diminishing the digital divide  . But we wo n't get there in five short years  .
 They 're bringing down the American flags in Jordan and Israel and putting them back into storage after they got slammed in a sudden sandstorm during the last part of President Barack Obama 's visit  . Perhaps it was nature 's way of keeping Obama from feeling he had gained the upper hand in this famously unpredictable region  . Sandstorm or not , the president had reason to feel good about his trip  . After deliberately lowering expectations about what he might achieve on the trip , Obama knocked it out of the park  . He even managed to take the skeptics by surprise , helping broker the restoration of relations between Israel and Turkey  . Bolstering friends , strengthening alliances and sending everyone in the Middle East a clear picture of America 's vision and priorities for the region -- this was the common thread in everything the president did in Israel , the West Bank and Jordan  . He made a persuasive case that the U.S.-Israel alliance is , in his words , `` eternal , it is forever . '' . He spoke passionately and effectively in favor of Palestinian statehood and the need to restart the peace process  . He made it clear the United States will not tolerate a nuclear Iran but prefers to prevent it through diplomacy  . He reiterated his call for an end to the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria and showed his strong support for Jordan 's King Abdullah , a moderate king who says he is trying to democratize his country without the need for bloodshed  . As Obama returns to Washington , not everyone is happy about what they heard  . But if power is the ability to influence the behavior of others and the course of events , then he managed to make America a bit more powerful after a mere three days in this turbulent region  . In a visit filled with poignancy , symbolism and , yes , substance , one of the most dramatic and unexpected moments came minutes before Air Force One departed Israel for Jordan  . As the milky white sky gave signs of trying to clear , Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stepped inside a trailer on the tarmac and made a historic call to Turkey 's prime minister  . When the call was over , Israel and Turkey had restored diplomatic relations  . After an acrimonious three-year dispute over a botched and lethal 2010 Israeli raid on a Turkish-flagged flotilla trying to break the Gaza blockade , Netanyahu apologized  . The reconciliation was not all Obama 's doing , but he gave the final push that allowed two pivotal Washington allies to work out their differences at a time when events in Syria and Iran demand the United States and its friends work closely together  . Opinion : Obama goes over Netanyahu 's head to the Israeli people  . A major objective of the trip was to convince Israel and its enemies that the United States is committed to Israel 's survival  . The goal is fundamental to regional stability , because as long as anyone has any doubts , those who advocate destroying Israel will continue pursuing the objective and gaining followers while making Israelis more hesitant to take risks for peace  . From the moment he landed , Obama alluded to 3,000 years of Jewish history on the land  . He told Israelis -- in Hebrew , lest they miss it -- `` Atem lo levad , '' `` You are not alone . '' . He talked about Israeli tourists recently murdered in Bulgaria , about threats from Hamas , Hezbollah and Iran , about chemical weapons from Syria  . And then he made an impassioned call for Israelis to take the perspective of Palestinians , for the sake not only of their own security but also of justice  . Israelis cheered  . It was a masterly performance  . By spending time in the West Bank , Obama raised the profile of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas relative to that of his rival Hamas  . And when he declared that those who seek Israel 's destruction `` might as well reject the earth beneath them and the sky above , '' his words threw a punch against Hamas and Hezbollah , whose stated objective he was labeling a hopeless cause  . When he arrived in Jordan , America 's most reliable Arab ally , he widened the lens to the growing crisis in Syria , which is spilling over , sending more than 400,000 refugees to a country practically devoid of natural resources  . He pledged an additional $ 200 million to King Abdullah for the sustenance of the refugees still fleeing Syria by the thousands every day  . Opinion : The empathy president  . Standing with the Jordanian king , with the knowledge that Israel and Turkey had healed their rift , Obama projected an air of confidence and achievement , even if events in Syria seem to spin out of control ; even as King Abdullah warned the West has become naive about the agenda of the Muslim Brotherhood , the biggest winner so far in the so-called Arab Spring  . This was Obama 's first visit to an Arab country since 2009  . Back then , Egypt was America 's strongest Arab friend  . Today , the Middle East is undergoing a violent and unpredictable transformation  . During barely 72 hours in the region , Obama reasserted a measure of influence  . He laid out America 's vision and gave a vote of confidence to America 's friends  . It was a subdued but visible show of U.S. influence and power in a time and a place of unexpected sandstorms and ferocious revolutions , where no man , no nation , has full control over the course of history  .
 As I research my family history , preparing a book about my grandmother Madeleine Edison Sloane , `` Edison 's Daughter , '' I occasionally come across holiday pictures of Glenmont  . This was my great-grandfather Thomas Edison 's home in West Orange , New Jersey , and in the pictures it 's decorated for the Christmas and New Years ' Holidays  . Thanks to his invention , the home bursts with light in those pictures ; the radiance is almost palpable  . All the bulbs were incandescent , of course  . There was n't any other kind , and candles would have been way too dangerous  . Light and safety , and low cost , were all great features of Edison 's light bulbs  . But come January 1 , when a light-bulb law setting new efficiency standards is set to take effect , it 's out with those old incandescents and in with the new  . My great grandfather 's 100-watt incandescent will be replaced with new energy-efficient versions , including CFLs , LEDs , and -- yes -- new and improved incandescent bulbs  . When better lighting is fully implemented throughout our country , we 'll be saving $ 13 billion a year in electricity costs and we 'll eliminate the need for 30 large power plants , according to the Natural Resources Defense Council , an environmental advocacy group  . And my great-grandfather would n't have it any other way  . For the record , Thomas Edison was a patriot , he was a futurist , and he was green  . Edison 's concern after the turn of the last century was with pollution and nonrenewable resources , not with freezing technological change at the level of 1879  . He wanted the Swiss to harness water power in 1911 ; he wanted Ford and Firestone to recognize that oil was nonrenewable but the sun was infinite and free ; he wanted to use goldenrod—a roadside weed—to serve as a cheap and independent source to replace imported foreign rubber  . He wanted everything that today 's eco-opposition want to undercut with ill-considered political posturing  . Edison would have spurned the recent sleight of hand by Congress that leaves the new lighting standard -- under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 -- on the books but takes away its funding for nine months  . How can inventor-entrepreneurs like Edison make a profit if every time they try to make a technological advance some nut in Congress pulls the rug out from under the them and their breakthroughs ? . And if investors are going to put their bets on more efficient technology , they have to know that a congressional holiday on common sense will not come along to undercut demand for their product  . Thomas Edison would have been the first to support technological advances , that 's the real , obvious message of his 1,000-plus patents  . Let 's invent the future  . He would have embraced new tough standards as a way to move our antiquated energy policies forward , helping people save money when they most need it , and reducing carbon pollution that puts our future at risk  . So where would Edison be tonight ? . He 'd be in the lab inventing a better light bulb  . Engineers sharing Edison 's legacy are working on these better bulbs now—and with the advances in chemistry and materials since Edison 's time—they 're creating better lights and lower costs with more efficiency and far less pollution  . Let 's also not forget that most old incandescent bulbs manufactured today are imports from China  . You remember them : The same folks who sent Louisiana and Mississippi polluted sheet-rock to rebuild their hurricane-ravaged houses and are using the profits to buy up American debt  . Domestic sources of light would have been Edison 's first priority  . Upon his winter visit to the Edison winter home in Florida , Seminole Lodge , he would have heralded news of unemployed former NASA scientists being scooped up by Florida 's Lighting Science Group to advance initiatives in LED technology  . More jobs would have been another good result of technology in Edison 's point of view  . The future of the light bulb is bright  . You can take that as straight goods from Edison 's own great-grandchildren  . Drop by my house and enjoy the two lighted deer on my porch roof  . They sparkle with light  . They are cheap to run  . The lights are LEDs  . And I love them  . To my eye , they are just as bright as the ones in the Edison family 's Glenmont home at Christmas , maybe brighter  . When Edison died in 1931 , the world found that it could not turn off the electricity to honor him for even a minute because it had grown so dependent on electricity in Edison 's lifetime—they had to settle for just dimming the lights  . As you turn off your lights December 31 , remember that when you switch on the lights in 2012 they will be brighter and cheaper than ever , and safer  . And they will also help America reclaim its place as a leader in technology , invention , and entrepreneurialism  . That 's Edisonian  . Let 's do our best in 2012 to help his technological children succeed in doing just that  .
 Picture a field full of heavy-set men sporting shaved heads and covered with tattoos  . They pump their fists in the air and dance raucously in front of a stage festooned with Nazi flags and racist skinhead symbols  . Others , including a few women , watch around the perimeter  . Onstage , people are playing deafening music , shouting more than singing , with lyrics urging white people `` to stand up and fight . '' . Without the racism element , this might just be another concert  . But this is music with a message -- a white power music concert  . Every year , versions of this scene play out across the United States , if not in a field , perhaps in an old warehouse or , more rarely , an actual music club  . Some white supremacists drive for hundreds of miles to attend  . Others purchase or download white power music from the Internet  . Since white power music arrived in the United States in the late 1970s , it has become a pillar of the subculture permeating the white supremacist movement  . White supremacist groups strong  . It is in this subculture that Wade Page , the white supremacist responsible for the massacre earlier this week at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin , moved , made friends , and fully immersed himself  . Page , 41 , was a white supremacist skinhead who played in two white power music bands , End Apathy and Definite Hate , affiliated with the Hammerskins  . The Hammerskins are a longstanding hardcore racist skinhead group with a history of violence and hate crimes  . Page was a member , identifying himself as a Northern Hammerskin , part of the group 's upper Midwest branch  . White power music is a small music scene , not comparable to any mainstream music genre  . The largest concerts wo n't attract more than 300 people ; most organizers would be happy to see half that number  . Music , military marked Sikh temple gunman 's path  . At any given time , about 100 to 150 white power bands are in the United States  . The bands ' own names defiantly express feelings of hate or violence : Aggravated Assault , Angry Aryans , Attack , Definite Hate , Final Solution , Force Fed Hate , Fueled by Hate , Hate Crime , Jew Slaughter and White Terror , among others  . Most of these bands are the white supremacist equivalents of garage bandsâ€ ” nobody is getting rich from this music  . Behind them are small record labels or distributors that specialize in white power music : Label 56 , Tightrope Records , Final Stand Records , and others  . Many bands are associated with a racist skinhead group such as Volksfront , the Vinlanders Social Club or , especially , the Hammerskins  . The Hammerskins dominate much of the white power music scene  . Many bands are Hammerskins-affiliated , while the group itself organizes hate music concerts , including Hammerfest , its largest annual event  . Temple killings put spotlight on hate rock  . The music comes in many flavors  . The oldest is a racist form of Oi ! , associated with the original skinhead subculture in Great Britain  . Also popular is hatecore , a white supremacist version of hardcore punk  . A white supremacist form of death metal music , known as National Socialist Black Metal Music or NSBM , has become popular  . There are other small subgenres of hate music ; even a few white power hip hop artists , though most white supremacists dislike hip hop  . White power music conveys many messages  . Obviously , it conveys hatred : antagonism toward Jews , immigrants , nonwhites , Muslims , gays and left-wingers  . But songs can convey other messages , too  . Some white power songs may glorify heroes or martyrs of the white supremacist movement  . Some are essentially self-promotional , praising a group or leader  . Songs that urge or celebrate generic violence are also common , emerging from a subculture in which violence is easily condoned  . A number of songs attempt to convey some sense of commonality , to strengthen the sense that listeners are in a movement with shared ideas , goals -- or enemies  . What are the effects of white power music ? . It 's often hard to know exactly how music of any kind may affect someone  . Music is universally acknowledged as powerful , yet its effects are often indirect  . Hate music does sometimes create direct effects  . Incidents of hate crimes being committed by people who had just been at a hate music event have been reported  . More indirectly , hate music certainly contributes to the shared ideas and notions of the white supremacist movement , including its willing acceptance of violence  . But there is a `` chicken and egg '' question , too  . It is almost certainly the case that , for many white supremacists , the music does n't motivate them to violence so much as reflect attitudes about hate and violence they already possess  . Does the music motivate them to be hateful , or does the fact that they are hateful cause them to appreciate the music ? . For each individual , there 's probably a different answer  . White power music is often cited as a recruiting tool for white supremacists  . This is certainly true to some degree , although most of their recruitment tends to be passive rather than active  . Organized attempts are made from time to time by white supremacist groups to use white power music to attract young people , but none of these attempts has truly been successful  . Of more importance is simply the existence of hate music  . A certain number of people will like the music or the message , or both , and some may be drawn into the movement itself  . The Internet has allowed more people to encounter this music than previously  . What can be done about this music and the violence it seems to beget ? . One solution is to shine the light of day on the hateful lyrics and subculture , so that more people will speak out and reject their disturbing and sometimes violent message  . This is part of the work we at the Anti-Defamation League do every day  . A previous version of this commentary incorrectly included the band Hatebreed in a list of white power bands  . Hatebreed is a self-described `` hardcore metal '' band  . CNN regrets the error  .
 The coming elections seem to have fired up an intergenerational war , with the older population cast as the `` greedy geezers '' eating so much of the pie that they leave only crumbs for the younger generation  . Both Republicans and Democrats say that entitlements must be cut  . The main losers of these cuts will be Americans older than 65 who collect Social Security and cash in Medicare checks  . At the same time , both parties agree that we must spend more on the education of the young if we are to remain competitive in the world markets  . Taking from the old is justified on the grounds that they take more out of Social Security than they paid in , while the young , who pay for Social Security , will find that the program has gone belly-up by the time they retire  . Well-heeled older people are said to be enjoying the good life while the young ca n't find jobs and are saddled with debt  . Charles Lane , writing in the Washington Post , makes the point with numbers  . He cites a report from Pew Charitable Trusts that says the median net worth of households headed by those 65 or older rose between 1984 and 2009 by more than $ 170,000  . At the same time , that of households headed by those 35 or younger shrank by 68 % , to less than $ 4,000  . Sixty percent of seniors find it easy to pay their bills and the same percentage expect their quality of their life to improve in the near future  . Others use rather strong emotive terms  . Stephen Marche , writing for Esquire , refers to a `` bleeding up of the national wealth '' to the elderly from today 's disenfranchised youth  . The Minnesota Daily editorial board asserts that `` while no parent would honestly sell out their children , the U.S has done just that . '' . Dale Brandy , writing in the American Thinker , defines Social Security in terms of a class struggle between the `` young 'have-nots ' ... against the power , wealth , and influence of the older 'haves . ' . `` Health care expert Karl Stockton writes that the `` elderly receive the lion 's share ( of health benefits ) while breaking the backs of the young . '' . It makes the elderly sound like the 1 % that 99 % of the young should rail against  . These hostile statements ignore some elementary and some surprising facts  . Social Security comes close to paying for itself , after some recent revisions  . The way to curb Medicare , which after all is merely a big reimbursement machine , is to cut the costs of health care rather than leave old people to chose between medications and their meals  . Most important , it should surprise no one that people who completed the work years have earned and saved more than those who are just beginning to work or are early in their work career  . And elementary fairness says that people who worked all their lives and saved a considerable share of their earnings rather than spent it all , should be allowed to live out their remaining years in reasonable comfort  . CNN Money : Senior victims lose average of $ 140,500 to financial abuse  . Utterly ignored in all these tirades against the old , is the notion that the elderly get much more than young is based merely on public budgets and pays no mind to what happens to the large mountains of private dough  . The data leave not the slightest doubt that our seniors , far from spending it all on a big going-out party during their retired years -- which they surely are entitled to and could do -- give trillions of dollars to the young in gifts  . A study conducted by John J. Havens and Paul G. Schervish of the Center on Wealth and Philanthropy at Boston College predicts that between 1998 and 2052 , a minimum of $ 41 trillion will pass from one generation to the next  . They estimate that more than half of these funds will be transferred through bequests to heirs , about a quarter will go to estate taxes and fees , and the rest will be given to charities  . There seems to be no statistics about the billions grandparents spend , while still living , on their grandchild 's first car , first house , college tuition , and such , but looking around me I find these amounts seem to vastly exceed what grandchildren grant their old folks  . There is always room for reallocating our public budgets , such as cutting the hundreds of billions we are spending in Afghanistan and employing them in nation building at home , or stopping corporate welfare  . We may even have to cap entitlements  . But the last thing we need is another heated confrontation and a new line of social division  . Instead , children and grandchildren should draft thank you notes to their elders for saving so much and leaving trillions behind  .
 Wednesday night 's debate showcased a Mitt Romney resisting his worst debating weaknesses and playing solidly to his strengths  . Barack Obama ? . This time , he could n't overcome a weakness he has shown before , a tendency to distance himself from the audience , and this kept him from connecting and making a good showing  . But both have a track record of debates showcasing their strengths and weaknesses , and they are both good debaters  . This is only the first of three performances  . Many of their old habits emerged again , both good and bad  . They will need to study their take-home lessons  . Let 's begin with Romney  . Three of of Romney 's debating strengths are being smooth and knowledgeable and having excellent first-line answers to questions  . Wednesday night ? . Opinion : Romney was hungry , Obama was flat  . Check  . Check  . And check  . Listen , Mitt Romney can handle these debates  . He was strong in all areas Wednesday night  . And y'all should n't be surprised that he performed so well  . For him to falter , the moderator is going to have to do a much better job than Jim Lehrer  . Poor , steamrolled Jim Lehrer  . Romney talked over him so often that I swear one time I saw Lehrer slumping behind his desk while he meekly gazed up at Romney and muttered , `` Excuse me , I believe you have my stapler . '' . Romney has potential weaknesses : This smoothness has sometimes gotten in his way , which is how he got the `` Slick Mitt '' moniker  . But he corrected the potential error and instead had a solid , conversational manner in the debate  . He was believable  . Romney 's other potential weakness is where he shined the most  . In the Republican primaries , Romney was n't a great debater when he was trailing in the polls  . But not Wednesday night  . He debated to win instead of `` not to lose '' ( which is what Obama did )  . Romney put Obama on the defensive and kept him there all night defending his policies  . Romney stuck to his theme of too much government overstretch during the Obama administration , whether on energy subsidies , health care , taxes or increasing the deficit  . He kept the debate on the economy and jobs while flatly stating that it was overreach of federal government power that was what has inhibited our economy from recovering  . And he made the point well  . Opinion : Romney shakes up the race  . As for Obama , one strength is that he is solid at picking a theme and sticking with it  . Wednesday night was no different  . But what a difference four years makes  . Against John McCain in 2008 , Obama focused on the economy as his theme and hammered away at George W. Bush and McCain  . This time , Obama clearly presented his theme  . The problem was that the new premise lacked bite  . What was it ? . That Romney has no specific plan  . Obama mentioned this time and time again : taxes , deficit reduction , entitlements , regulations to Wall Street and health care  . Romney has not specified the details of how he will govern in all these important areas  . The problem was that Obama needed to couple that theme with something else  . Just stating it over and over is hardly a scathing indictment  . And it failed to put Romney on the defensive  . Reasoning is another strength Obama has shown in previous debates , but he was unable to use it in any significant way  . Near the beginning of the debate , he mentioned that arithmetic proved Romney 's plans unworkable  . While I thought this was an excellent point , it should have been much more forceful  . Which brings us to Obama 's weaknesses : I wrote two days ago that his detachment was one weakness , that he can appear dispassionate and distancing to the audience  . Unfortunately for the president , he did n't correct this  . In fact , it was worse  . Indeed , this was probably his poorest showing at trying to connect with the American people  . Being emotionless can work either for or against you  . For Obama , with a troubled economy , it works against the president  . If our economy is n't fully recovered and we 're in hard times , our president should at least show more empathy  . Offer strong examples to show that he understands  . Couple that with Obama 's failure to tie Romney to anything related to the famous 47 % comment , and I 'd call it a glaring error in the debate  . Opinion : It was n't just Romney who won  . You know it 's bad when at the end of the debate , uber-wealthy Mitt Romney seems like he cares more about the middle class and even the lower class than the sitting Democratic president of the United States  . Both candidates get almost two weeks off before their next debate  . Here 's what they each need to do in the meantime in their preparation  . Obama needs to find a much more effective way to pin Romney down to a specific policy  . Although he is correct that some of Romney 's numbers simply do n't add up , Obama must do a better job of wrestling the details out of him  . He simply has to put Romney on the defensive more often and provide arguments ( and passion ) that will resonate with voters  . He ca n't let opportunities slip by to tie Romney to the 47 % comment or even to the old policies of George W.Bush  . This will be no easy task , since Romney was able to fend off most criticisms with ease in his many Republican primary debates  . Obama will need to stick to one subject over a series of exchanges  . If he does n't , Romney will be like Teflon , and nothing Obama says will stick to him in these debates  . And the president should utilize the backward-step-pivot-forward technique as often as possible  . Since Romney will continue to put him on the defensive ( and this is guaranteed ) , Obama must turn potential flaws into strengths  . It 's easy enough to predict Romney 's attacks  . Now , the president must figure out rhetorically how to turn those criticisms into benefits  . Opinion : Romney was n't stellar , but Obama fell short  . And for goodness sake , Obama , show more energy and passion  . Speak with conviction  . For Romney : Steady as she goes  . He needs to keep debating precisely like Wednesday night  . It was n't a fluke , and he can prove it  . Romney was assertive ( compared with Obama 's passivity )  . And it worked  . But there 's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression  . Romney was assertive in this debate without being aggressive  . If he decides that his bullying technique of the moderator was effective ( it worked Wednesday night , but I would n't push my luck if I were him ) , then he risks alienating voters  . The same is true with his demeanor toward the president  . Romney can lose more votes than he can gain in future debates if he comes across as rude or mean , an impression many had of McCain four years ago  . He must stay on the offense  . But do n't overdo it  .
 A new battle has erupted on the global stage over the future of free speech  . Its epicenter moved to the U.N. General Assembly , where world leaders expounded on the great issues of the day  . The annual U.N. gathering came just days after a chain reaction of ferocious protests in Muslim countries against a video on YouTube insulting Islam  . Reaction to the video led to the deaths , at last count , of more than 50 people , including the U.S. ambassador to Libya , Christopher Stevens  . So , the hateful video and the mass violence became an inescapable topic at the United Nations  . And yet there was intense disagreement about what exactly was troubling about the events of the last few weeks and what action they demand  . In the view of some Arab and Muslim leaders , the time has come to draft new international rules limiting free expression for the sake of preventing insults to religions  . The head of the Arab League , Nabil Elaraby , called for `` criminaliz ( ing ) acts that insult or cause offense to religions . '' . This move to impose anti-blasphemy laws should come as a call to action for democracy advocates everywhere : Freedom of speech , a most fundamental of human rights , a cornerstone of democracy , has come under international attack  . Certainly , non-Muslims living in some of those countries have had nightmarish experiences with them as the bans are used to target minorities and government critics  . Among political leaders , however , the idea appears popular  . The anti-Islam video itself has apparently caused more anguish than the ensuing killings  . Or at least it has seemed politically expedient to create that impression  . Afghan President Hamid Karzai , for example , declared , `` The world is shaken by the depravity of fanatics who have committed acts of insult against the faith of over 1.5 billion Muslims  . We strongly condemn these offensive acts , whether it involves the production of a film , the publication of cartoons , or indeed any other acts of insult and provocation  . Such acts can never be justified as freedom of speech or expression . '' . The emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani , noted he `` firmly '' believes in free expression , explaining , `` freedom should not cross reasonable limits and become a tool to hurt and insult the dignity of others and of religions and faiths and sacred beliefs as we have seen lately , which regrettably led to the killing of innocent people who have not committed any crime . '' . He thus blamed the film , rather than those who committed the killings  . During a time such as this -- when new democracies are taking shape in the Middle East , and people everywhere are giving serious thought to what kind of system , what kind of laws and what kind of societies they want to live in -- the debate could hardly matter more  . That 's why it was heartening to hear President Barack Obama mount a spirited defense of free expression  . Obama staked out a position that is generally accepted in Western democracies , and enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights  . `` I accept that people are going to call me awful things every day , '' he said , `` and I will always defend their right to do so . '' . He added , `` Americans have fought and died around the globe to protect the right of all people to express their views -- even views that we profoundly disagree with . '' . And he made the fundamental argument that `` the strongest weapon against hateful speech is not repression , it is more speech . '' . The U.S. president 's professorial defense of the admittedly complex case for allowing people to say offensive things came as a refreshing change from America 's international campaign of contrition for the offending video , which seems less than consistent with its belief in free speech  . It is appropriate for American leaders to explain they found the anti-Islam film reprehensible  . But additional steps , including the spending of $ 70,000 in U.S. taxpayers ' money for an ad campaign in Pakistan rejecting the video , is a step too far , especially considering that the riots that followed were to a large degree a result of political manipulation  . Washington 's campaign blurred the basic point and confused America 's position  . More than anyone , that hurts the efforts of the brave advocates for human rights in Arab and Muslim countries , who have been badly outnumbered and outmaneuvered in the aftermath of the Arab uprisings  . Obama 's U.N. speech should mark the start of a push for more , not less free speech throughout the world  . And every effort to limit it under the guise of defending the feelings of followers of any religion must be met with the strongest possible resistance  . It is not coincidental that many of the same countries where large demonstrations erupted in recent weeks are places where religious freedoms do not exist , where Christians have come under attack and Jews are insulted and threatened routinely and without consequence  . Muslim states have tried before to push a `` Defamation of Religion '' resolution at the United Nations , just as religious and political leaders , seeking to bolster their popularity , issued fatwas calling for the religiously sanctioned assassination of artists whose work they deemed offensive  . Just as the fury over the anti-Islam film raged , the bounty for killing Salman Rushdie , the Indian-born British writer , was boosted to more than $ 3 million  . Rushdie was sentenced to death by Iran 's Ayatollah Khomeini in 1989 because the imam deemed one of Rushdie 's novels , which surely the ayatollah never read , offensive enough to merit death to the writer  . Blasphemy laws exist in a number of countries  . One can argue it 's their right to enact the laws they see fit -- even though they violate international agreements  . But they most decidedly should not be allowed to alter international agreements establishing the right of free expression for all human beings  . If Muslims are offended by distorted perceptions of their religion , by all means they should fight back  . They should launch a campaign to educate the world about Islam  . I believe their campaign would prove greatly successful  . The right response to stupidity , prejudice and hatred is shining a light on the truth  . That has a way of highlighting the stupidity of the bigots  . It may not end all dumb and offensive films , but it will ensure that the people who espouse offensive ideas remain a despised , marginalized and powerless minority  . In this new battle on the global stage over the future of free expression , the bigots will only lose if free speech wins  .
 A Rutgers University student commits suicide after being emotionally violated when his sexual encounter with another man is secretly streamed online  . Tyler Clementi jumps in the Hudson River , and there is a general outcry accompanied by a superficial soul searching  . Why is this happening ? . Where did this come from ? . Really ? . Seriously ? . Is n't it rather obvious that this cruel prank is but a reflection of a much larger social cancer ? . Just turn on the TV or check out a newspaper headline  . `` Alarm Over Homosexual 'Brainwash ' `` screamed Monday 's New York Post  . It was quoting Carl Paladino , a mainstream Republican candidate for governor of New York who said homosexuality is not an `` equally valid '' option and attacking his opponent for marching in a gay pride parade  . A few articles in , another headline reads `` Anti-Gay Riot Hits Serbia Parade '' about Serbians who threw Molotov cocktails and stun grenades to disrupt a gay pride parade in Belgrade  . I look up from the newspaper to see my TV broadcasting a perp walk of teenage men from the Bronx accused in a gay-bashing rampage  . Cops say during the hate crime , two men suspected of being gay were sodomized with a wooden stick  . All of this came on the heels of a homophobic attack , allegedly by two Staten Island men , in the restroom of the famed Stonewall Inn in the West Village of Manhattan  . That 's the very spot where the gay rights movement was born after a so-called `` morals raid '' by cops back in 1969 inspired gays to take to the streets in outrage  . I have been to the Stonewall several times , and this attack gave me chills  . They all do  . It 's easy to point in horror at these over-the-top expressions of hate  . It 's a lot harder to take an honest inventory of troubling attitudes toward gays , which some Americans reveal in more subtle ways such as the ubiquitous putdown `` that 's so gay ! '' . I click on my BlackBerry , and a friend writes about her fears of revealing her sexual orientation while on a job interview  . She writes , `` I paused right before I said the word 'gay . ' . Yes , I was scared  . I want this job badly , I do  . I need this job  . I said to myself , though , if they are n't going to accept me for my truth , then it is n't for me  . I said the word gay and felt good about it . '' . I do n't know whether she got the job  . But her fear is real , and sadly it is justified  . I 'm shocked at what 's happening lately because I came out as gay late in life -- just a few years ago -- at a time when it seemed there was much more acceptance  . I encountered no discrimination from any quarters as a result and was thrilled and filled with hope that human beings might actually be evolving to the point where they can apply that wonderful notion of `` do n't tread on me '' to sexual orientation  . Clearly this new wave of violence comes partly because equality for gays is a subject that 's dominating the news  . `` Do n't ask , do n't tell , '' gay marriage : These issues have put the situation in everyone 's face and , therefore , biases that might have been uttered only behind closed doors are now surfacing with a vengeance  . Paladino used anti-gay remarks for politics  . The backlash may also be in response to the enormous strides the LGBT community has made in recent years  . The success of Ellen DeGeneres , who came out more than 10 years ago and remains very popular , is one example  . It 's inspired a growing number of Americans to come out of the closet , too  . Today , it seems almost everyone knows a friend or relative who is gay  . Our former vice president , Dick Cheney , whose daughter is a lesbian  . That has caused a lot of Americans to open their minds and hearts  . But , for others , it 's turned a hypothetical antagonism into something very personal and visceral  . The philosopher John Stuart Mill said every great movement must experience three stages : ridicule , discussion , adoption  . I would make that last one : acceptance  . Clearly we are in the anger stage of the social justice movement for gays  . I ca n't wait for us to move past it  . To that end , I would urge everyone upset over Clementi 's suicide or any of the recent violent attacks to ask themselves : Do my attitudes also need an adjustment on this issue ? . Do I look askance if I see two people of the same sex holding hands ? . Would I feel uncomfortable if my child 's teacher was gay ? . Would I be annoyed if my child 's college roommate was gay ? . Would I be less likely to hire a person who is openly gay ? . Do I make jokes about people being gay ? . Have I talked to my child about the perils of intolerance ? . Why did Tyler Clementi die ? . If you 've detected prejudice on your part after this self-analysis , you can do something about it  . You can acknowledge it and perhaps realize that it 's irrational  . For example , the states that have approved gay marriage have not seen a social breakdown or any negative repercussions  . Just because something makes one uncomfortable because it 's different does n't mean it 's morally wrong  . We can all learn to coexist  . It 's not those with extreme views , but rather those in the middle who will ultimately decide whether America 's gays get to become first-class citizens or whether we will continue to be sidelined by prejudice  .
 When the public thinks about suicide , they tend to see it as something that typically affects adolescents and people in later life  . But alarmingly , more middle-aged Americans are dying by suicide  . A new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows a nearly 30 % increase in the suicide rate among adults 35 to 64 , with the most significant increase in those 50 and older  . Why the suicide rate is climbing in this age group is a question without a simple answer  . There are many risk factors , including high unemployment rates and a weak economy that has been pervasive at all levels of our society ; the widespread abuse of prescription pain medication ; the problems experienced by aging veterans of the Vietnam War or the Gulf War ; the difficulty in convincing men , in particular , to seek help for physical and mental illnesses ; and the realities of the baby boomer generation , a group that has experienced unusually high levels of addiction , suicide attempts and mental illness as young adults  . The CDC report makes it clear that we must continue to fund scientific research exploring the causes of suicide  . It confirms the need to use evidence-based knowledge to expand our research and prevention efforts , in particular , to underserved populations  . Suicide prevention programs have typically focused on youth , young adults and the elderly  . Now we know we need to do more for those in middle age  . Fortunately , there are measures we can take to prevent suicide  . We know that the majority of people who die by suicide have an underlying and often undiagnosed mental illness such as depression or bipolar disorder  . Are we doing enough to reduce the stigma associated with talking about , and seeking treatment for , mental health conditions ? . President Barack Obama has recently called on the nation to expand efforts to address mental health problems and to eliminate the stigma associated with seeking treatment  . He is right  . We know , too , that there can be warning signs before a suicide attempt  . Are we educating health care professionals , teachers , social workers and family members to recognize the signs of serious depression , such as expressions of pessimism and hopelessness , a low mood that does not change , sleeping problems and withdrawal from typical activities ? . We understand that suicide can be an impulsive act and that alcoholism , substance abuse and access to lethal means can increase its likelihood  . Are we doing enough to train physicians to recognize the signs of addiction ? . Are we training emergency room doctors to ask about access to firearms and drugs ? . Are we educating family members about how to provide safe and supportive environments for those with a mental illness ? . Finally , are we talking openly about the reality of living with mental illness and sharing treatment options and approaches that may help those with disorders live productive and fulfilling lives ? . Are we moving to a place where we can be as comfortable discussing mental illness and its treatment as we are in discussing blood sugar levels related to diabetes or the cholesterol drugs for heart disease ? . A world in which mental illness can be addressed openly without embarrassment or fear of discrimination is not beyond reach  . If we pay for the research that can uncover the mysteries of the brain , strive to understand what helps prevent suicide in diverse populations and are committed to helping those at risk receive the treatment they need , we can prevent the losses -- one life at a time  .
 President Obama called it `` the defining issue of our time '' in his 2012 State of the Union , but he did so without ever uttering the phrase `` income inequality . '' . Perhaps that 's because income inequality is one of those alliterative word pairs everyone 's heard by now but few fully understand  . Instead of wonking up his speech with terms that may confuse some , Obama focused on the more familiar American Dream  . That 's `` the basic American promise , '' as he put it , `` that if you worked hard , you could do well enough to raise a family , own a home , send your kids to college , and put a little away for retirement  . `` The defining issue of our time is how to keep that promise alive , '' he continued  . `` No challenge is more urgent  . No debate is more important . '' . But what , exactly , is income inequality , and why does it matter so much in modern America that you would vote on it as one of the top social justice issues of our time ? . Here 's a snack-sized primer :  . A definition of income inequality  . Income inequality refers to how evenly or unevenly income is distributed in a society  . The United States has a relatively high level of income inequality because the very richest people take home a large share of the economic pie -- and there is a relatively large gap between them and some of the poorest people in America  . Scandinavian countries have lower levels of income inequality because , overall , prosperity is more broadly distributed there , instead of being concentrated in the hands of a few  . There are other variations of inequality , too  . Some economists think `` wealth inequality '' is a better measure of what 's happening in the United States , since the super-rich are even farther away from the rest of us when you consider their assets , not just their incomes  . Some prefer the broader term `` economic inequality . '' . How is income inequality measured ? . The most popular measure of inequality is called the Gini coefficient  . That coefficient , or index , `` measures the extent to which the distribution of income or consumption expenditure among individuals or households within an economy deviates from a perfectly equal distribution , '' according to the World Bank  . A rating of 0 means the society in question is perfectly equal -- or everyone has the same income  . A rating of 100 means that one person takes home 100 % of the income  . The United States has a Gini rating of 45 , according to the CIA World Factbook  . Sweden , the most-equal country , gets a rating of 23  . Lesotho , in southern Africa , has the highest Gini coefficient on the CIA 's list with a rating of 63.2  . There are other ways to measure inequality , too , such as looking at the income held by the richest 20 % and comparing it to that held by the poorest 20 %  . All of the different measures try to answer the question : How is money distributed in this place ? . What 's the trend in the United States ? . The reason the president and others keep talking about income inequality -- with or without calling it that -- is because the income gap in America has been growing since the late 1970s  . Experts disagree on exactly why , but most say it has something to do with cutting taxes on the very richest Americans and the growth of the finance industry  . Technology also likely contributes to the shift , as many middle-class workers have seen their jobs taken by machines  . Meanwhile , the very richest people are taking home a larger share of income than at any time since the late 1920s  . Is more income inequality necessarily bad ? . Pretty much no one these days thinks everyone in the United States should have exactly the same income  . But many economists and philosophers say extreme income inequality -- and many would argue that 's what we have -- is a problem  . The economist Joseph Stiglitz argues income inequality is `` holding back '' our recovery from the recession  . The epidemiologist Kate Pickett says high income inequality is associated with all sorts of bad things -- from obesity to high incarceration rates and violence  . The philosopher Thomas Pogge told me societies can become so economically divided that people stop seeing each other as equals -- and a sort of classist , `` Downton Abbey '' dynamic develops  . Others argue income inequality hampers economic mobility -- meaning it 's less likely that that American Dream is actually a reality for people  . Think of the economy as a ladder , former U.S. labor secretary Robert Reich told me  . If the rungs of the ladder are super far apart , how can you expect a person to climb ? . More-conservative thinkers argue that income inequality is necessary for a capitalist society to thrive -- that income gaps encourage competition , innovation and hard work  . How is the use more unequal than Nigeria ? . If you look at the CIA 's list of the most equal and unequal countries , the United States ranks below a whole host of nations that most Americans probably would n't want to move to  . They include : Iran , Uganda , Nigeria , Russia , Senegal , Nicaragua , Mali , Mauritania , Vietnam , Yemen , Mongolia  . I could go on and on  . It 's important to keep in mind that , in this case , the Gini coefficient is being used to measure inequalities within a given society  . South Africa has a very high rate of income inequality because it does have both very wealthy and very poor people  . There are n't many rich people in Niger , another country that 's more equal than the United States  . If everyone is more or less poor -- a country still could be relatively equal  . So , that 's a caveat  . But there still is research to support the idea that very high levels of income inequality tear at the fabric of society , regardless of its overall wealth  .
 Most Americans probably still believe the biggest threat to our national security is terrorism  . We 're debating increasingly intrusive security measures , and not long ago we heard about a homegrown terrorist in Oregon who wanted to cause a huge explosion at a Christmas tree-lighting ceremony  . Yet Mexican drug cartels are arguably as dangerous and deadly as terrorists , and they were operating far inside our borders well before 9/11  . The decision to go into Afghanistan was an easy one to make ; or at least it was in 2001  . Shortly after the 9/11 attacks , America learned all about al Qaeda  . We were prepared to do whatever it took , spend whatever it cost , and deploy tens of thousands of our soldiers , sailors , Marines and airmen to effectively and efficiently do the job  . It seems like the job they 've been doing is working , to an extent  . We have n't experienced a large terrorist attack on U.S. soil since 9/11 and al Qaeda is a shadow of its former self  . But do we know for a fact that our presence in Afghanistan is the exact thing that 's preventing more terrorist attacks ? . Maybe , and maybe not  . Most people do n't want to take chances , and most people would say that terrorism is still the biggest threat to our national security  . I beg to differ  . Let 's switch gears for a minute to the drug war in Mexico , where more than 30,000 people have been killed since President Felipe Calderón came into office and the annual body count goes up every December  . Granted , most of the people being tortured , kidnapped or killed have historically been criminals involved in the drug trade  . However , that 's changing  . We 're seeing more and more innocent bystanders , including children , being gunned down as collateral damage  . The big concern , of course , is whether the violence is going to spill over into the United States  . But there are two real problems with this debate  . First , no standardized definition exists as to what constitutes border violence spillover  . It really is in the eye of the beholder , which means that if you ask a Texas city mayor and an Arizona rural border county sheriff whether they 're seeing it , you 're likely going to get two very different answers  . The second problem is that we 're too focused on spillover in the border area to realize that Mexican drug cartels have deeply infiltrated every corner of the United States , and they did so well before terrorism and religious extremists entered our national consciousness  . According to the U.S. Department of Justice 's National Drug Intelligence Center , members of Mexican cartels are operating in more than 270 U.S. cities and thousands of smaller communities  . Those same cartels dominate drug trafficking operations in places like Los Angeles , Phoenix , Houston , Chicago , Detroit , Denver , Atlanta and Newark , New Jersey  . Violent gangs across the country act as their proxies and sell Mexican drugs like marijuana , crystal methamphetamine , brown powder and black tar heroin , and Colombian cocaine in our cities and neighborhoods from San Diego to Syracuse , New York  . So why do n't we hear more in the media about the activities of Mexican cartels on U.S. soil ? . Mostly because cartels like to keep a low profile and blend in  . Drawing attention to cartel operations in the United States is very bad for business and our law enforcement officers can generally be depended on to do their jobs  . A big shootout in a San Diego shopping district or downtown Houston between dozens of heavily armed cartel gunmen and the U.S. Army is n't going to happen any time soon  . But that does n't mean drug-related violence is n't happening in the United States , and sometimes well away from the border  . In 2009 , five mutilated bodies were found outside a drug stash house in a well-to-do northern Alabama county  . Dozens of law enforcement officers have been shot at and many severely injured by heavily armed men who work for Mexican cartels defending marijuana crops in states like Oregon , Tennessee and North Carolina  . Closer to the border , last year , gang members from `` Los Palillos '' were indicted in the kidnapping , torture and murder of nine people in San Diego County  . Two of those victims were dissolved in vats of acid after they were killed  . This is the real and current major threat to our national security -- tens of thousands of violent Mexican cartel members who are living and operating under our noses in our cities , communities and public lands  . We 've spent more than $ 365 billion on the war in Afghanistan since 2001 , and about 1,400 military members have lost their lives in the process  . We 've committed only $ 1.6 billion to the drug war in Mexico -- only a few hundred million of which has actually been spent since 2007 -- and our military is n't allowed to step one foot in-country unless it 's for training purposes  . In a time when our national deficit is skyrocketing and the collective belt is tightening , we need to take a good look at our priorities when it comes to national security  . So can our commitments to Afghanistan and Mexico be compared ? . Maybe , maybe not  . We know the number of innocent Americans who died as a result of terrorist attacks on U.S. soil  . But we also have a rough idea of how many Americans die every year as a result of using drugs being peddled by Mexican cartels operating in our country  . I can assure you that the number of American drug casualties is much higher  . We also need to take into account the cost of interdicting even a small percentage of those drugs at the border , as well as the environmental toll that domestic marijuana cultivation is taking on our nation 's landscape  . Afghanistan and Mexico ca n't be compared in the ways we 're fighting those wars , but they certainly can in the ways our government chooses to assess and protect us from the threats they pose  .
 When you refuse to acknowledge a group of people in all their nuances and complexities , or depict them as predictable and one-dimensional , or dictate for them a code of acceptable behavior , it is a blatant sign of disrespect  . It would be offensive for someone to suggest that all Italian-Americans think a certain way , all Irish-Americans behave a certain way or all African-Americans vote a certain way  . So it is with 50.5 million Hispanic Americans , who come in every variety imaginable  . You might know this from what you consume daily in the form of political messaging , media images and advertising campaigns from Madison Avenue  . What better time to assert the right of Hispanics to be unpredictable and complicated human beings than Hispanic Heritage Month , which gives Americans the chance to learn more about , and pay respect to , the nation 's largest minority  . In 1968 , Congress set aside one week each year to honor the contributions and culture of Hispanics  . In 1988 , President Ronald Reagan signed legislation expanding the period to 30 days : September 15 to October 15  . A generation or two ago , the challenge for Hispanics was simply to get noticed by corporations and political parties  . That happened  . Ten million votes cast in a presidential election , and roughly $ 1 trillion in buying power , is hard to ignore  . Today , the new challenge is to get those same corporations and political parties to see Hispanics as they really are as opposed to how others want them to be or assume them to be  . For example , in the past several weeks , I 've been asked often on radio and television interviews to predict where the Hispanic vote will go in the 2012 election  . My answer : Just about everywhere  . Will Hispanics take a chance on the Republican presidential nominee -- especially if it is Texas Gov  . Rick Perry who has a record of attracting Hispanic support to the point of being attacked by Republican rivals who mistakenly cast the immigration debate as `` us '' vs. `` them '' and put Hispanics in the `` them '' camp ? . Or will they double down by sticking with President Barack Obama who , while earning two-thirds of the Latino vote in 2008 , also heads an administration that has repeatedly lied to and manipulated Hispanics by promising immigration reform but delivering only record numbers of deportations -- more than 1 million since Obama took office ? . My answer : Yes  . Both those things will happen  . And more  . This is not a monolith  . The Hispanic population in the United States is made up of conservatives , liberals , middle-of-the-road moderates , Republicans , Democrats , independents and everything in-between  . It 's true that most Hispanics are registered Democrats , just like they have been for the past five decades dating back to the `` Viva Kennedy '' clubs in 1960  . But it is also true that Hispanics have -- in gubernatorial , congressional and presidential races over the years -- been willing to cross party lines and support moderate Republicans who eschew anti-Hispanic nativism and craft a message that appeals to them  . You see that sort of thing much more often at the local and state level than you do in the federal arena  . But it happens everywhere  . The list of Republicans who enjoyed significant Hispanic support in their political careers is long and distinguished  . It includes George W. Bush , John McCain , Jeb Bush , Rudolph Giuliani , Arnold Schwarzenegger , former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan and two former Arizona governors -- Fife Symington and Jane Hull  . Of course , among Hispanics , there are differences in geography , economic status and educational attainment that help shape how they see the world and their place in it  . There are also ancestral differences  . According to the 2010 census , about two-thirds of those 50.5 million people are Mexican or Mexican-American  . The other third is made up of Puerto Ricans , Cuban-Americans , Salvadorans , Brazilians , Guatemalans , Hondurans , Colombians , Venezuelans and others  . Sen. Marco Rubio , a Cuban-American and self-described `` son of exiles '' who is being talked about as possibly landing on the 2012 Republican presidential ticket , is the darling of South Florida  . Yet , if Rubio were on the GOP ticket , he is likely to be very unpopular in the Southwest where many Mexican-Americans resent Rubio 's hard line on illegal immigration  . It 's easy to talk tough about border security or oppose `` amnesty '' when you represent a community in which came here on the red carpet of the Cuban Adjustment Act , a relic of the Cold War that makes it almost impossible to remove Cuban immigrants once they arrive on these shores  . But besides those differences , there are also similarities  . Regardless of their backgrounds or biographies or biases , Hispanics want what the rest of their countrymen want : The chance to work for a brighter tomorrow , the right blend of rights and responsibilities and the respect that comes from being seen as individuals and not just part of a group  . And why not ? . That 's the American way  .
 U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's claim that terrorists `` can run but they ca n't hide '' following two operations in Africa over the weekend is a reminder that America 's military is increasingly active on the continent  . It also raises questions about the international legality of such operations , and their long-term impact , especially in weak African states  . In some cases U.S. military engagements in Africa have already caused further instability rather than reducing the risks for international peace and security ? . Read more : Should U.S. fear Boko Haram ? . The U.S. Army 's Delta force seizure of alleged al Qaeda leader Abu Anas al Libi , who was born Nazih Abd al Hamid al Ruqhay , in Libya is significant for U.S. counter-terrorism efforts  . A few months ago , President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush attended a memorial service in Dar es Salaam on the anniversary of the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed more than 220 people  . Al-Libi was allegedly the mastermind behind these bombings and has been one of the U.S. 's wanted men for the last 15 years  . A second U.S. military operation by Navy Seals in Somalia was aimed at capturing Islamist militant leader said to be Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , who also goes by Ahmed Abdi Godane , the leader of Al-Shabaab , the group that claimed responsibility for last month 's attack on the Westgate shopping mall in Kenya  . The operation was aborted under heavy armed fire during their amphibious assault  . Analysis : Al-Shabaab breaks new ground  . The Somalia operation is a reminder of how technically difficult such operations are and how accurate U.S. intelligence needs to be  . Such operations though fit into a bigger picture of U.S. and Western counter-terrorism strategy in Africa , and how these poorly governed , fragile states provide havens and laboratories for terrorism franchises  . Listening to the difficulties that the U.S. Navy Seals encountered in Somalia , reminded me that October 3 , marked 20 years since 18 U.S. soldiers and hundreds of Somalis died in a battle that saw two Black Hawk helicopters shot down over Mogadishu  . This was seen at the time as one of the worst disasters in American military history  . The result in 1993 was that U.S. and international community left Somalia to its own fate -- which over two decades has brought it back into the front-line of international counter-terrorism efforts  . While the outcome in 1993 was disengagement , U.S. engagement policy under President George W. Bush in Somalia to remove the Islamic Courts Union in late 2006 resulted in deepened radicalization and the rise of Al-Shabaab  . Similarly Western policy toward Libya in 2011 , interpreting a narrow civilian protection U.N. mandate for pushing for regime change resulted in the instability of Libya today , and the knock-on effects in the Sahel , including the radical Islamists capturing northern Mali until a French intervention loosened their hold on power earlier in 2013  . Counter-terrorism policies live on the edge of international law : extrajudicial killings by drones or proxy hit squads are clearly contentious and extraordinary renditions -- suspect-grabbing operations -- are unlawful  . Known extraordinary renditions in Africa have occurred in many African countries , including Algeria , Djibouti , Egypt , Ethiopia , the Gambia , Kenya , Libya , Malawi , Morocco , Mauritania , Tanzania , Somalia , South Africa and Zimbabwe  . The Obama administration has not publically stated if such operations continue  . Today the U.S. military brief congress with maps showing an arc of instability by Islamist terrorists from Somalia and the Gulf of Aden across the Sahel and Sahara to the Atlantic Ocean and Mauritania  . Analysis : What 's behind Nigeria 's wave of violence ? . The mistake would be to regard this as a homogeneous threat  . Boko Haram in Nigeria is very different from Al-Shabaab , which is different from AQIM  . What is similar is that all these groups thrive in weakened and poorly governed states but the solutions are much more costly and long term : institution building , good governance and job creation  . Building up professional and accountable African militaries is only part of the solution and Western efforts in Somalia in support of the continental body the African Union have had success in combatting Al-Shabaab and significantly weakening them , despite the Westgate attack in Kenya  . It is though also pursuing policies that do not cause greater harm and radicalize further , as U.S. strategy toward Somalia in 2006 did and arguably US , French and British policy did toward Libya in 2011  . If we are to advocate good governance , and rule of law as the ultimate remedies , we should more assiduously find ways of ensuring our policies are values-led , rather than by interests  . Not forgetting the lessons learned from Somalia and Libya about the unintended consequences of non-intervention and intervention is important if international efforts to counter terrorism in Africa in the long term are to be successful  .
 When tragedies occur , such as the one at the Navy Yard in Washington this week , all Americans are deeply affected  . They include the one in four American adults who experience mental health problems  . That 's approximately 60 million Americans  . Their first reaction is much like that of anyone else : feelings of anger and anguish and wanting to know when such events will ever stop  . But there 's another , secondary impact to this community if a history of mental illness is suspected  . Tragically , in the case with the Navy Yard gunman , mental illness appears to be a factor  . But in too many cases , people simply assume that it is , no matter how much we caution that it 's best not to attempt to diagnose any medical condition speculatively through the news media  . Unfortunately , stigma surrounds mental illness  . It 's most associated with a violent stereotype  . The result has always been fear , prejudice and discrimination toward anyone struggling with a mental health problem  . The stereotype endures despite the fact that the U.S. surgeon general has found that the likelihood of violence from people with mental illness is low  . In fact , `` the overall contribution of mental disorders to the total level of violence in society is exceptionally small . '' . Despite the impact of the Navy Yard tragedy and those of Newtown , Aurora and Virginia Tech on perceptions , a much greater , different reality exists  . Many thousands of veterans experience post-traumatic stress disorder  . Civilian employees of the military seek help for depression ; teachers live with anxiety disorders  . Students succeed academically while managing bipolar disorder  . People living with schizophrenia may be psychologists , professors , peer counselors or businesspersons  . They are all members of their communities  . Few are violent  . In the face of violence , people may simply be unable to fathom how an event could occur other than through mental illness , thought of often in non-medical terms such as `` madness '' or `` insanity . '' . Their perceptions also are conditioned by headlines that largely overshadow the greater reality  . Stigma perpetuated by the Navy Yard tragedy will be internalized by many people living with mental health problems , causing them to stay silent and withdraw from others  . This will impede their recovery in many ways  . Stigma will remain a major barrier that keeps people reaching out for help when they need it  . In the wake of such tragedies , some will call for persons with mental health problem to be `` screened out '' by employers in the hiring process or to deny them security clearances  . In the first case , the Americans with Disabilities Act provides some protection against discrimination , but it is not always followed or easily enforced  . With top secret security clearances , just ask any member of the military or government official or contractor about the anxiety they often feel if they need to see a psychiatrist and then needing to disclose it as part of a security clearance application or review  . Many issues need to be addressed in the case of the Navy Yard tragedy and the tragedies before it  . They include what happened -- or did n't happen -- in the military and veterans mental health care systems , particularly when the gunman allegedly sought help from the Veterans Health Administration  . Was there effective engagement ? . The response of law enforcement should also be addressed  . In theory , had the police both arrested and charged the gunman in past incidents involving a gun or disorderly conduct , he would have been put into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System database and prohibited from buying a gun , regardless of his mental health status  . It is also possible that his case might have been handled by a mental health court , leading to supervision and treatment  . Had Rhode Island police who responded to the gunman 's 911 call for help in August been trained for crisis intervention and worked with a mobile crisis unit to have him medically evaluated , then perhaps this past week 's horrors could have been averted  . Those are issues that must be pursued  . But in the haste to respond , let 's not stigmatize or discriminate against the millions of American who live productively with mental illness and who share the anguish and anger of other Americans in response to tragic horrors  . If stigma wins , things wo n't get better  .
 By now , all have heard the appalling news that storm researchers Tim Samaras , his son Paul and Carl Young lost their lives while studying the tornadic supercell thunderstorm that struck the Oklahoma City area Friday  . Tim and Carl were my colleagues and seasoned meteorologists involved in TWISTEX , or Tactical Weather Instrumented Sampling in/near Tornadoes Experiment , whose mission it is to sample aspects of the environment near tornadoes  . I 've known them for years  . I have been involved in storm research and/or the storm chasing community since 1985  . In this 28-year span , there had not been a death , and I know of no injuries among meteorologists studying tornadic storms until now  . It will be several days before the exact circumstances of this tragic loss become clear  . But even before the storm that ravaged the El Reno and Union City , Oklahoma , areas occurred , many questions appeared in the media about storm chasing , or storm observing in the field  . Storm chasing : Science , thrill-seeking or tourism ? . Reducing this issue down to its core , emergency management personnel complain that storm chasers are clogging roads and making it difficult for first responders to reach victims  . This issue came to a head in Ellsworth County , Kansas , on April 14 , 2012 , as an EF4-rated tornado approached Salina  . Whether it is true that storm chasers did indeed impede traffic in that and other cases , it 's clear that the number of chasers out on the roads has dramatically increased in the last decade  . And some of these people engage in foolhardy and dangerous behavior  . The question is `` why ? '' . CNN Photos : Professional storm chaser  . From my perspective , as a professor of meteorology , the term `` storm chasing '' means what it always has meant to atmospheric scientists who study storms in the field  . It means interweaving meteorological reasoning and forecasting skills for the purpose of understanding severe thunderstorms in general , and tornadic supercells in particular  . It 's enough to say that the early forays of meteorologists studying severe storms in the field in the 1960s and 1970s continued into the 1980s and 1990s  . Eventually , their missions split into two tracks  . On the one hand , in the middle to late 1990s and early 2000s large National Science Foundation-funded projects such as VORTEX , or Verification of the Origins of Rotation in Tornadoes Experiment ; STEPS , or Severe Thunderstorm Electrification and Precipitation Study ; TWISTEX ; and others involved field efforts bringing many research meteorologists and instrument platforms into the field to surround tornadic supercells or severe thunderstorms  . I was involved at a minor level in the first and more actively in the second  . The second track relates to more of what I do as a meteorologist  . Initially , I was drawn to study these storms because they happen in California , too  . So , since I am a weather forecaster by training , what better way to understand how weather patterns contribute to the ingredients of severe storms than by immersing myself in a large `` inquiry-based '' personal research experience ? . In my case , bringing this knowledge of ingredients , burned into my psyche by having to forecast them , back to California has helped meteorologists there understand the patterns that are liable to produce favorable conditions for tornadic supercells  . Other meteorologist chasers have their own set of predetermined goals in observing storms in the field  . All of us are admittedly united in a fascination with these storms  . Tornado chasers were researchers , not cowboys  . What is important to note is that no matter what their mission , meteorologists studying storms in the field contribute to the storm-observing process  . All my colleagues who do this have ways of contacting the National Weather Service quickly when tornadoes are forming  . This has led to an increase in the warning time  . For example , such observations were a key in preventing injuries and loss of life for the Greensburg , Kansas , tornado on May 4 , 2007  . In 1996 , the film `` Twister '' popularized the notion of chasing storms to immerse oneself in a tornado 's circulation  . The film 's chase teams were loosely based upon the fleets of vehicles called Mobile Mesonets in project VORTEX and the early chase forays by the National Severe Storms Laboratory and Oklahoma University  . Except it was based upon a fiction : that meteorologists purposefully drive into tornadoes  . That fiction , I believe , has combined with the trend in society for `` extreme '' behavior  . This has encouraged literally hordes of nonmeteorologists -- many of whom who do not understand storm structure or behavior -- carrying cellular phone cameras into the field  . This extreme behavior is exemplified by cable network programs extolling groups of chasers who drive vehicles that resemble the Flash Gordon/Emperor Ming the Merciless ' spaceship into the path of tornadoes , screaming `` tornado , tornado . '' . What does this have to do with Friday 's tragedy ? . There were many chasers in the field that day  . A radar plot taken around 6:11 p.m. CT about the time that a multiple vortex tornado was on the ground shows dozens of red dots representing storm chasers or spotters or researchers who were reporting their positions  . Undoubtedly there were many more  . Most of the meteorologists I know who were out in the field that day are represented by the dots south and east of the storm circulation  . Many of them contributed useful information to the National Weather Service in the form of eyewitness accounts of the tornado formation , that were not able to be detected by the weather service radars in the Oklahoma City area  . Some of them were on instrumented vehicles that included mobile Doppler Radar that also contributed to the excellent warnings issued for that tornado  . Most left the area when the storm 's circulation got so intense that visibility became an issue  . They also navigated away from Oklahoma City so as not to clog roads at commute time , or to contribute to the chaos that would develop there if a tornado went into that heavily urbanized area  . In the coming days , we 'll learn more about the decisions that Tim 's group made that day  . It could be that he took some calculated chances and was caught by the rapid northward motion of the tornado  . It would be a double tragedy if his memory is besmirched by an assumption the he was seeking thrills or personal publicity  . He was n't  . He was an active researcher contributing to our knowledge  . But the fact remains that to emergency management personnel a chaser is a chaser , whether he/she is a meteorologist or not  . While it 's clear that meteorologists who chase know how not to interfere or know how to keep major road stems free of traffic , it 's not clear that others do  . This is an important issue that the storm research/chaser/spotter community must face in the upcoming years  .
 `` Hello Dalai ,  . Well , hello .. . Dalai ! '' . It seemed like a good idea at the time  . And with hindsight being 20/20 ; it still does  . How often do you get to meet an international figure as captivating as the Dalai Lama ? . I wanted to make an impression , and break the ice , in my Southern hospitality sort of way  . So enter the lyric from the song and the fist bump now heard round the world  . I had been told by his representatives that the Dalai Lama had a wonderful sense of humor , and would enjoy the exchange  . Indeed , he did  . His Holiness laughed , returned the gesture , and gave me his blessings  . And in our brief time together , I saw in his eyes the sparkle of kindness , love and good humor  . It 's unfortunate that not everyone could allow themselves to enjoy the moment , as we did  . Barely an hour passed before reporters began calling to say my fist bump with the Dalai Lama was `` disrespectful , '' unusual and perhaps inappropriate  . Why would I do that , they asked ? . Well to answer that , I would have to go back a couple of weeks or so  . One of my assistants in the mayor 's office began feeling ill. After a couple of days off work , she was diagnosed with the H1N1 flu  . She sits 10 feet away from me  . The swine flu story was hitting close to home in a major way  . As the leader of a major city , I had to step forward and deal with fears about a virus that has never been known to man  . Watch the Dalai Lama 's fist bump »  . So I rolled up my sleeves and took a shot for the seasonal flu  . I encouraged everyone to get the H1N1 vaccine as soon as it becomes available  . I urged people to cough politely into a napkin or their sleeve  . I had hand sanitizer installed in the common areas at city hall  . I greeted the Chairman of the City Council with a fist bump and it made the local news  . It became a running theme in City Hall  . The mayor would greet you with a fist bump  . A day before His Holiness came to the city , I spoke to the Dalai Lama 's protocol team and they said he would not be upset or offended being greeted this way  . In fact it has happened in the past  . So , armed with this information I decided to greet him when he arrived Tuesday in a similar fashion  . Not because of any concern about H1N1  . I greeted him this way because I 'm a down to earth guy , who was raised by a single mother with four sons in public housing  . I still tell everyone to call me Myron  . I am now living a dream as the mayor of Memphis  . And Wednesday , as I sat and watched His Holiness accept an award from the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis , the gravity of the moment was in no way lost on me  . An international crusader for peace was here on the hallowed ground where the Rev  . Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. took his last breath  . He offered his blessings , walked into the crowd , touched people  . He carried himself humbly , not as one to be feared , but as a man , sharing his humanity , making us all better for it  . So in the final analysis , I know His Holiness is always happy to participate in local customs , however obscure  . He is about peace and harmony , and a fist bump is just another expression of warm friendship that he again returned to me before he left  . And the `` Hello , Dalai ? '' . Well , that was just a bonus  . He knew it was coming and we all laughed together  .
