 Violence at the next door raged, not immune Turkey, vividly illustrating the tragic loss of at least 47 people in the car bombings in the border town of Reyhanli.
 In 1988 President George H.W. Bush made campaign promises I started to know why little cooperation is happening these days in Washington.
 Since Stephen Elop joined it three years ago, there has been rumours of a deal that has now become reality.
 France already made history on the rights of gays a week before the nom de sacune became the country's first president in his inaugural speech.
 I wept and mourned when I learned of the tragic shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school, like many other Americans.
 Over the past year we have heard a lot about class warfare, the Buffett rule, tax codes, etc.
 What is this "activities" president?
 This week's Associated Press story caused quite a stir, especially among African-Americans, as it ran on the headlines that grabbed attention: "Some black pastors tell their flock to stay home on election day."
 David McCullough Jr., Jr., a son who gave a commencement address last year and won a Pulitzer Prize for history, teaches English at Wellesley High School in Massachusetts.
 The Tuesday election marks the end of an epic campaign season in history, including witches, sanity rallies, the Tea Party and campaign handcuffed journalists.
 The humorist dreams of the last engagement with 340 people in some way.
 The former congressman and presidential candidate for New York's mayor in 2013 set off a frenzy of speculation about his possibleness in recent days, poking his toes in the tinyst poke of political water, by commenting on the news organization about the Supreme Court ruling on the law on the subject.
 The image makers are in overdrive this week at the Republican National Convention.
 What does freedom mean for Barack Obama?
 Boxing history in the U.S. has traditionally revealed that it is the blue collar sport with the most endeavors in the sport.
 On average, it's been two years, less than 30 years since independence of Israeli government, and rarely surprising in Israeli politics.
 Forced by his presidential articulation of the case for confronting the climate crisis in his second inaugural address last month.
 When did conservatives become imprisoned for idiotic vulgarity?
 One can conclude, by solely judging the headline, that the economy of a name company finally started hitting the wall.
 The step of Stanford University was bold, almost a year ago.
 We all know this election is about the economy.
 Savita Halappanavar died last month in Ireland after being denied an abortion that saved lives.
 Obama is the president who joked a couple of stupid little things about Vegas.
 It's not like there was a lightbulb that someone in some high-rise office suite somewhere in the entertainment industry saw clicking on, just as you know, the afternoon last week when the Rod Blagojevich jury rendered their verdict.
 I am one of those activists who acted as if they were going to be sending a bunch of unrelated duels here, a former Florida governor who may be hopeful for a 2016 presidential bid.
 The internet empowers each of us to speak, create, learn and share.
 The Republican Party clarified its focus this week with its convention slogan "First Country."
 Biotechnology research is complicated.
 Some tiger cubs roared at the time about the strict domineering ways and inflexible standards of our parents.
 It was June 2000.
 Republicans voted in 49 other states, which I sympathize with.
 The party that became the Republican Party, which was a risk highlighted by the release of a secretly recorded speech by campaigner Mitt Romney to donors.
 A young woman claimed she was in a car when three police officers came by with her fiancee.
 In the next five years, technology will transform our lives, a trend and trend that IBM, a technology company that has been trying to predict and has released 5/5 recently and listed as emerging, predicts will happen.
 American flags were brought down in and put back in storage after being slammed into a sudden sandstorm during the last part of the president's visit.
 Occasionally, while researching my family history, while preparing my grandmother's book, "Edson's Daughter," I came across holiday pictures of Glennmont.
 Picture a field full of heavy set men covered in tattoos sporting shaved heads.
 The election comes amid what seems to be an intergenerational war of casting older populations, leaving only the crumb to younger generations, at greedy geeers who eat so much pie.
 Playing to his strengths, resisting the worst of his weaknesses in debates, and a solid showcase for Mitt Romney in Wednesday night's debates,
 A new battle for the future erupted on the global stage.
 Another man had sex at Rutgers University, who was emotionally violated when his secret encounter with him was streamed online, and was killed later.
 When people think about suicide, they tend to see it as something that affects adolescents and people typically later in life.
 President Obama called it a "defining issue" of our time when he was in the State of the Union in 2012, but never uttered the phrase "Imperial Equivalency"
 Most Americans still probably believe terrorism is the biggest threat to our national security.
 The group is a group of people you acknowledge with all the nuances and complexity of each, whether you dictate to them a code of acceptable behavior, depict one dimension as predictible, or refuse to do so, blatantly indicating disrepect.
 U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's claim that terrorists can run but can't hide echoes U.S. military activity in Africa, which has been re-called following two weekend operations in Africa.
 The gunman was at the Navy Yard in Washington, where the tragedy this week occurred, a tragedy that deeply affected all Americans.
 The news that Tim Samaras, a storm researcher, and his son have lost their lives while studying the supercell tornado thunderstorm that struck the Oklahoma City area Friday, all have heard by now.
 Hello, what?
