 The tragic loss of at least 47 people by the car bombing in the border town of Reyhanli illustrates vividly that Turkey is not immune from the raging violence next door.
 True, not true.
 More and more people are going for var87.
 Another 390 stories about the first president of France, which already made history on the rights of gays a week before becoming a nom de sacre during his inauguration speech.
 My daughter is the one who died, as was also reminded, as was my daughter, who was 436 years old when I learned of the tragic shooting at an elementary school where I wept and mourned like many other Americans.
 We heard a lot about class warfare and the tax code years earlier.
 I'll see you in 600 years.
 That's Journalism 101.
 That's it.
 The epic campaign season in history that ends with Tuesday's election includes witches, sanity rallies, the Tea Party and campaign handcuffed journalists.
 They are a wonderful couple.
 Former Congressman and President speculating that a few people who set off a frenzy recently (commenting to news organizations about the Supreme Court ruling on their health care law recently) may have planned to run for mayor of Tampa, a former congressional candidate who has been poked to the tiniest of political waters, because he poked his toes in the most tiny of political waters
 I love women.
 What you ask a Tea Party or a Republican congress member and they'll likely have a ready answer is "freedom of individual autonomy and freedom of choice" (which is closely identified with the market).
 The arrival of people of a country with a history that reveals that sports are a traditional blue collar endeavor began with advances promised but always held out by odds.
 A short-timer who bought another 16 months of political freedom and was free to challenge, co-opting the main opposition from the price of the deputy premiership, criticized by people, and legitiating the government of the var3, who bought another 16 months of politics and was free to challenge, and will be, and will be, for the next turbulence period.
 He was the president, who in his second inauguration address last month, forcedly articulated the case for confronting the climate crisis.
 It's sick and tired of someone asking questions that the aging rockers embarrass.
 One can conclude, by solely judging the headline, that China's economy finally started hitting the wall.
 The step of Stanford University was bold, almost a year ago.
 Where does the vision come from?
 Last month, after being denied an abortion, a person named "Jimmy" died in a country where we marked two months later and she is likely to live.
 President Obama wrote a couple of stupid little jokes about Vegas, which everyone knows is a symbol used in the city, and hates it, not really, 158, as I know it.
 TV.
 I am an activist and a former governor of Florida who is hopeful that I will be sent to the presidency in 2016 and who is unlikely to do a duel here.
 About as many people online are about the planet that has been helped by the Internet agencies that empower us to learn and share.
 Refurbish the park.
 Biotechnology research is complicated.
 Our parents are the ones with the strict, rigid, high standards that some tiger cubs at the time roar appreciably, and who are the domineering parents.
 Would you like a cat, can you go ask him about it?
 Please don't even bother.
 They are the law of human beings.
 Two young women who claimed to have been in the car with their fiancee, were arrested and said to have been "arrested" (preposterously, and later accused by the judge, effectively transforming victims into offender), raped by the guards and "shocked the public with the incident" (they were kept from attempting to extort money from the women).
 The trend emerging is that of technology that will transform our lives in the next five years, as predicted by technology giant IBM, which is experimenting with it and lists its recent 5/5 release every year.
 It was a masterly performance.
 That's the Edisonian.
 Music comes in many flavors.
 The older population, leaving only crumbs to the younger generation, is cast as a greedy geeer, eating so much pie, in an intergenerational war that seems to be being fired by the coming elections.
 Wednesday night?
 The speech of the future of a new battle erupting on the global stage is free.
 Seriously?
 When people think about suicide, they tend to see it as something that affects adolescents and people typically later in life.
 Obama was the president, who called it by definition "the issue of our time" while in his State of the Union in 2012 and never uttered the phrase "Imperial Equivalence"
 Maybe, maybe not.
 That's what happened.
 The U.S. intelligence military activity increased in Africa, where two weekend operations were conducted, reminding the following of U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's claim that terrorists could run but could not hide.
 Those are approximately 60 million Americans, all of whom are deeply affected by tragedies like this week's at the Navy Yard in Washington.
 By now, all have heard appalling news that Tim Samaras, son of storm researcher, has lost his life while studying the supercell tornado thunderstorm that struck the Oklahoma City area on Friday.
 Hello, what did he do?
