Hakura says blasts in Reyhanli illustrate that Turkey is not immune to violence next door. Turkey is hosting more than 400,000 largely Sunni Syrian refugees at a cost of $1.5 billion. The Reyhanli incident will probably not be a development, Hakura writes.
LZ Granderson : President Bush in 1992, seeking Limbaugh's support, carried his bags. GOP has been Rush Limbaugh's bellhop ever since he got influential, he says. LZ : Rush throws around and insults. Some are disgusted, others entertained. LZ : But it's destructive when people, politicians make him some sort of spokesman.
Nokia had a tough few years before Elop slowly started to turn it around, says Stuart Miles. Deal will benefit Microsoft the same way that making smartphones has for Apple, he says. Not much will change in the short term, but Surface tablet `` likely to be rebranded or ditched'' Microsoft's ambition to become hardware company is well and truly realized, Miles says.
On January 13, half a million demonstrated against gay marriage in Paris. Protests took place a week before Obama mentioned gay rights in inauguration speech. French have pessimistic vision of marriage compared to Americans, says Philippe Coste. French only consider assisted reproduction for treating infertility, says Coste.
Candace Lightner : After my daughter was killed by a drunk driver, I started MADD. Lightner : MADD radically changed our society's view toward drunk driving. She says those who want to change our gun culture can look to MADD's strategy. Lightner : Engage the media and harness the support that is pouring in.
LZ Granderson says it's expensive to eat healthier food such as pricey organics. He says the real class warfare is when bad food options put the poor on road to obesity. Granderson says poor states tend to be fatter with residents who live shorter lives. Why isn't it a political issue when we all feel result in higher health care costs ?. he asks.
Ruben Navarrette : Immigration reform on Obama agenda, but deportations are his main record. Obama also allowed deferred action for young people ; eased rules. Politics over path to citizenship will stall reform again ; why not take it out of the mix, he says. Navarrette : Undocumented immigrants, who help economy, deserve path to legal status.
AP article caused consternation by asserting black pastors urging flocks not to vote. Roland Martin says story did not back that up with real evidence or context. Martin : No pastor quoted in the story said he told congregants to stay home on Election Day. Martin : President's gay marriage stance is of concern, but vast majority of blacks support him.
Ruben Navarrette : Last year a graduation speaker told students `` You're not special'' He says the viral talk rightly targeted Millennial generation as privileged, entitled. Navarrette gives 10 tips for a rewarding life and career. He says young people should get to really know their parents, explore life outside comfort zone.
Paul Rieckhoff : On Tuesday 27 vets of Iraq and Afghanistan will seek seats in Congress. `` New Vet 27'' are inspiring ; recent vets are often portrayed as villains or victims, he says. Rieckhoff says they know personally the cost of foreign policy choices. In 1969, vets held 75 percent of seats in Congress ; soon it may be less than a fifth, he writes.
Pepper Schwartz : Easy to joke about Hugh Hefner's plan to wed a much younger woman. But whatever the motivations, she says, marriages not ridiculous, not always a mistake. Such unions can provide comfort, companionship, respect, she says. Schwartz : Why not just cohabit ?. Marriage certifies intent to society and obligations of law.
Anthony Weiner sets off frenzy of speculation about running for New York mayor. Errol Louis : Despite his fall over raunchy texts, Weiner taken seriously by New York politicos. Louis : New Yorkers tolerate politicians' bad behavior and see Weiner as a pragmatic centrist. His worst sin was lying, Louis says, and if he can apologize, he'll likely make a comeback.
Ilyse Hogue says the GOP tried hard at convention to show they are on women's side. She says a look at positions and GOP platform show otherwise. She says both would prevent abortion even in rape or incest, would cut nutrition aid. Hogue : Romney still refuses to support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act.
Aziz Rana says GOP, Tea Party, Palin clear on defining freedom : free markets, autonomy. Dems very bad at explaining how goals, like health reform, connect to personal liberty. He says right's language ties populism to corporate freedoms not really in their interest. Rana : Dems must explain link between liberty and corporate oversight, government programs.
Jorge Iber says boxing in U.S. has long been chance for advancement among immigrants. He says it lets show mettle, become source of pride in communities. Title IX helped open opportunity to women too ; Olympic hopeful Marlen Exparza one example. Iber : For Latinas, especially `` new arrivals,'' a chance in sports helps them join community.
Benjamin Netanyahu expanded his coalition with addition of Kadima party. Aaron David Miller says the move strengthens Netanyahu's hand politically. He say it likely signals Israel will not attack Iran's nuclear facilities for now. Miller : The government may talk more about peace but a deal isn't likely.
Van Jones : President Obama should lay out a plan on climate crisis in his SOTU speech. Jones : Obama should push for a bilateral agreement with China to reduce carbon pollution. He says the administration should support the EPA to set stronger air pollution standards. Jones : This president's legacy will be measured by his record on climate.
Tim Stanley : Conservatives mostly let Ted Nugent's outrageous remarks slide. It's shocking they seem afraid to dissociate themselves from Nugent, he says. He asks : What happened to the intellectual tradition of conservatism ?. Stanley : The pursuit of the party base leads to a surrender of rationality.
Jeff Walters : Consumer class still growing rapidly in key emerging markets. Gloomy economic reports miss that private consumption continues to rise. Many innovative companies prosper from rapid growth of China's middle class.
Daphne Koller : Three Stanford computer science courses were opened to all online. She says thousands took part, showing the hunger for education around world. Online education could upgrade skills, reach people who couldn't afford college, she says. Koller : Online education enables lifelong learning and promotes innovation.
Donna Brazile : President Barack Obama truly understands how to build up the middle class. Brazile : Obama favors education, manufacturing, innovations to build middle class. Brazile : Mitt Romney wants tax breaks for the rich as middle class waits for trickling down. Brazile : Romney says let `` Detroit go bankrupt,'' let foreclosures `` hit bottom''.
Savita Halappanavar died in Ireland after being denied an abortion. Latanya Mapp Frett : Before Roe v. Wade, women in U.S. often died from unsafe abortions. Frett : Abortion opponents in U.S. are trying to end a woman's right to free choice. Banning abortion does not stop it, she writes, it leads to more women dying.
President Obama said you don't `` blow cash'' on Vegas when you're saving for college. Penn Jillette says comment won't go over well in town built on tourism. He says people who gamble on Vegas also gambled on Obama.
Bob Greene says Blagojevich jury verdict likely led to some exec's Eureka moment. Why not a reality show about a deliberating jury ?, he speculates. He says in a culture, with courts, someone, somewhere is bound to allow it. Greene : Dramatic possibilities endless, as are potential abuses. But it would sell big.
Ruben Navarrette : Testing is controversial but provides needed accountabiity in schools. Matt Damon, a proud graduate of public schools, questioned emphasis on testing. Damon said he didn't send his kids to public schools as they lack `` progressive education'' Navarrette : Jeb Bush was right to call out Damon for not living up to his ideals.
Some 42 countries filter and censor content out of the 72 studied by the Open Net Initiative. According to an OECD study, the net already accounts of 13 % of American business output. At Google, Cerf says the company sees dangers of a net crackdown. A regulatory system is unnecessary and would invariably raise costs.
Roland Martin : Republicans are emphasizing the theme of `` country first'' Martin : Wednesday night's speeches took jabs at community organizers. Yet civil rights activists and other organizers have accomplished a lot, he says. Martin : GOP should beware of deriding organizers who can get out the vote.
Michael J. Fox says August brought good news, bad news for research on chronic disease. He says new collaboration helped scientists find biomarker for Alzheimer's. Later, Judge ruled to stop fed funds for stem cell research, bringing programs to halt. Fox : Parkinson's Foundation backs moving past politics, advancing stem cell research.
Grace Liu : Some suggest that tiger parenting style produces emotionally stunted kids. Liu : It's time for some tiger cubs to approvingly roar for our strict and demanding parents. She says by working hard as a child, one can gain confidence, resilience and smarts. Liu : With self awareness, one can learn social skills and negotiating tactics later in life.
Years ago, reporter Jeff Pearlman asked Yankee Derek Jeter about dating Mariah Carey. Pearlman : Jeter, who' retiring, is classy baseball hero. He says shortstop doesn't self promote, his stellar record shows brilliance on field. Pearlman : He's at the top of heap for shortstops, but is just a guy who wants to be a guy.
Roland Martin objects to the notion that you have to take Iowa to win. Martin : No candidate should drop out based on performance in Iowa or New Hampshire. The 48 other states must not be dismissed, he says ; changes in fortunes happen. Iowa boosted Obama, he says, but not winners Huckabee, Buchanan or Tsongas.
Julian Zelizer : Romney's troubles reflect a problem GOP has been dealing with for years. A conservatism that emphasizes cutting social benefits risks appearing harsh, he says. Zelizer : Reagan insisted conservatism be packaged as a positive force for freedom. He says Democratic presidents have gained by depicting GOP as the party of meanness.
Woman in Tunis allegedly raped by police, then charged with public indecency. Ben Hassine : Incident reveals serious flaws in Tunisia's criminal justice system. Ben Hassine : Tunisian police officers have had free reign in the country for years. Ben Hassine : Tunisian judiciary and Ministry of Interior put human rights to shame.
IBM says mobile technology will close the digital divide. Even in rich nations, however, not everyone will have access to robust mobile devices. IBM's prediction of the demise of the digital divide is silent on affordability.
Frida Ghitis : In Middle East trip, Obama, gave support, firmed up alliances, showed U.S. vision. She says a surprise was his helping broker key Netanyahu apology to Turkish prime minister. She says he expressed commitment to Israel's survival, a crucial message for region. Ghitis : West Bank visit bolstered Abbas ; in Jordan, he raised Syria issue. Trip showed his sway.
David Sloane says his, Thomas Edison, would have liked efficient bulbs. He says new efficiency law to take effect January 1, was in line with Edison's futurism. He says Edison would have disdained Congress' recent vote to defund law for nine months. Sloane : Technological, green, entrepreneurial advances are Edisonian.
Lonnie Nasatir : Tattooed men pump fists in front of Nazi flags at white power music concerts. Nasatir : This music a part of white supremacist movement subculture since 1970s. For supremacists, the music reflects attitudes toward hate they already have, he says. Concerts don't attract a lot of people, he says, attempts to recruit are not truly successful.
Amitai Etzioni : The idea is growing that the old get all the benefits while young suffer. But retirees have earned and saved more over the years and should live in comfort, he says. Curbing costs of health care would curb Medicare ; he writes : Social Security can pay for itself. Etzioni : In terms of private money, older people give trillions of dollars to the young in gifts.
Todd Graham : Romney played to his strengths, Obama to his weaknesses in debate. He says Romney aced keeping `` smooth'' from turning `` slick'' Obama's lack of passion kept him from connecting with voters ; he missed chances to hit back. Graham : Obama needs to heat up, pin Romney down ; Romney must keep aggression in check.
Frida Ghitis : A recent video became an inescapable topic at the United Nations. Ghitis : Some leaders say we should limit free speech to prevent insults to religions. She says calls for laws should alarm democracy advocates. Ghitis : President Barack Obama is right to defend free speech and U.S. should push for it.
Jane says recent violence and remarks point up surge in homophobia. But, she says, the `` social cancer'' of such views is revealed in subtle ways, too. Gay issues are in the news ; people are forced to face their biases. It can get ugly, she says. Writer : Backlash a stage toward social justice ; we should ensure we're not complicit in hate.
A new report shows a 30 % increase in the suicide rate among Americans. Robert Gebbia : There is no simple answer, but factors include joblessness, depression. He says many people who die by suicide often have undiagnosed mental illness. Gebbia : We must continue to pay for scientific research exploring the causes of suicide.
Income inequality has been growing in the United States since the late 1970s. John Sutter : The topic is pervasive but relatively. Obama argues against income inequality without using the term.
Sylvia Longmire : Huge number of Mexican drug cartel members in U.S. since well before 9/11. We fight in Afghanistan, she writes, but should fight deadly and dangerous cartels at home. Longmire : More Americans die from overdose and drug violence than in terror attacks. $365 billion for Afghan war ; she says, $1.6 billion for drug war in Mexico with little spent so far.
Ruben Navarrette : Don't stereotype Hispanic Americans. He says Thursday marks beginning of Hispanic Heritage month. People ask which candidates are going to get the Hispanic vote ?. Navarrette : America's 50 million Hispanics aren't a single bloc.
policies live on the edge of international law, Alex Vines writes. U.S. raids in Africa show that America's military is increasingly active on the continent. Building up professional, accountable militaries is only part of the solution, Vines says.
Approximately 60 million American adults experience mental health problems. The likelihood of violence with mental illness is `` exceptionally small,'' surgeon general says. Author : Stigma perpetuated by this tragedy will keep people from reaching out for help.
Three storm researchers were killed last week studying severe storm near Oklahoma City. John Monteverdi says meteorologists conduct scientific research on storms in the field. Publicity about storm chasers has led many amateurs into the field, he says. Monteverdi : Storm researchers need to confront issues about rising number of chasers.
Myron Lowery : I greeted the Dalai Lama with a fist bump and a pun. He says H1N1 virus led to fears about spread of the new disease. He says he's been encouraging people to use fist bump to reduce spread. Lowery : `` A fist bump is just another expression of warm friendship''.
