NATO CONSIDERS cyber attacks a threat to military and civilian computer networks after the Estonian Government was struck by cyber attacks in 2007. NATO allies have signed an agreement to fund a research center to bolster defenses against cyber attacks.
Russia proposes cooperation with India and China to increase security around Afghanistan to block drug supplies. Afghanistan is 1 of the world's major opium producers and supplies Western markets through transit countries such as Russia.
Russian Federation President Dmitry Medvedev promised on May 15, 2008 to provide funding for Russia's nuclear missile program.
Expert states that Iranian missile launch photo was doctored to show failed 4th missile launching.
More than 40 nations, including Israel and Arab States, agreed Sunday to work for a zone free of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East.
Austrian French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner told members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe that a European arms control treaty limiting the number of weapons that can be deployed west of the Ural Mountains must be maintained.
Russian prosecutors have sent the case against ANAR Godzhayev to court after charging Godzhayev with attempting to smuggle tantalum powder to Iran. Godzhayev could be sentenced to 7 years in prison if convicted.
A U.N. representative stated that the conversion of opium resin into heroin is increasingly being done inside Afghanistan but that the chemicals needed to complete the conversion are being smuggled into Afghanistan from other countries. The U.N. representative requested the international community share more information on known smugglers of the chemicals.
Afghanistan's police have confiscated 1.2 metric tons (1.3 tons) of opium during a raid. In 2007 Afghanistan accounted for 93 percent of the world's opium supply.
Estonia is hosting some Georgian websites to protect the websites from hackers.
The European Union's highest court on September 3, 2008 overturned a verdict to freeze the assets of multiple individuals and groups accused of funding terrorist organizations.
Brazil's Strategic Affairs Minister Roberto mangabeira Unger stated Brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including Russia and France to build a weapons industry.
On September 9, 2008 Swedish Prosecutor Ronnie Jacobsson dropped charges against the 3 Swedes arrested on suspicion of funding terrorism.
Russian Federation plans to upgrade Russia's nuclear deterrent and modernize the military in light of a recent war with Georgia.
Russian president Dmitry Medvedev stated that Russia's military conflict with Georgia in August 2008 highlighted the Russian military's need for modernization. Medvedev plans to have a guaranteed nuclear deterrent system in place by 2020 which will include warships and submarines.
A Dutch government investigation has found that a Russian cluster bomb killed a television cameraman in Georgia in 070000.
A Paris Criminal Court convicted nine people on October 23, 2008. This included a former prison inmate who admitted establishing an Islamic group that called for armed Jihad in France.
On 081031 some United Nation's General Assembly's member nations voted to move ahead with creating an unprecedented treaty regulating the global arms trade despite United States opposition.
Iranian state television stated that Iranian police have killed 4 drug smugglers and have confiscated more than 1 ton of opium near the town of mirjaveh.
A report by the International Campaign to Ban Landmines said Greece, Turkey and Belarus missed treaty deadlines to destroy their land mine stockpiles.
Mexican football club owner and 4 team members are charged with trafficking cocaine and marijuana from Colombia to the United States. All 5 are members of a notorious Mexican gang and have been under house arrest since October 2008.
An institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to Britain's national security as the States could provide bases for terrorists. The report stated British government must help to stabilize weak states and push for international regulations.
6 foreign companies enter into 7 cooperation agreements with Taiwanese companies in a ceremony in Taipei.
Taiwanese Vice President Annette Lu warned that European transfer of European technology to the People's Republic of China could encourage the PRC government to invade Taiwan.
Taiwan Executive Yuan may not approve Taiwanese participation in the construction of submarines sold from the United States.
China's military budget has grown in recent years leading some to believe that China is attempting to achieve global dominance.
China's Council of Agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of China's agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
The Ministry of Economic Affairs (moea) gave preliminary approval to 2 major investment projects at a review meeting on 15 February 2008. Minister Steve Chen stated the 2 projects will have a positive effect on Taiwan's economic development.
The the Ministry of Economic Affairs (moea) approved lingsen precision industries, King yuan electronics, IC Assembly company Sigurd Corp. and Siliconware precision industries for Chinese investment.
The process to try to control and reduce arms in the embattled Balkans was formally launched in Bonn, Germany, when foreign ministers, ambassadors and representatives of international organizations and observer nations met to discuss what form further talks should take.
Indian officials seize missile assembly line from the North Korean vessel the kuwolsan on 30 June 1999. The discovery heightens suspicions of North Korean weapons proliferation.
China confirmed on January 23, 2007 after 12 days of silence that China had fired a guided missile into space to destroy one of its satellites. The test caused protests from the United States and other nations.
The interior ministry said Saudi police have arrested 10 men and accused them of collecting donations to fund terrorist acts outside the Kingdom. A lawyer and a prominent dissident said that at least seven of the men were Saudi democracy activists whose arrest was a government attempt to abort their civic rights work.
China has built and launched a communications satellite for Nigeria. The satellite demonstrate's China's increasing skill in space technology.
At least 46 people were killed by the end of the week. There were multiple attacks including assaults and decapitations, with police, federal agents and rival the principal victims.
