Turkey is not immune to the raging violence in neighbouring Syria. Erdogan is resistant to Syrian `` efforts and provocations'' to drag Turkey into their civil war, but Ankara's response will be limited. This is in contrast to the Israeli airstrikes against military supplies intended for the Hezbollah group. Obama has noticeably and repeatedly supported Israel's right to `` guard against the transfer of advanced weaponry''.
There's little cooperation in Washington nowadays, because the Republican party has been metaphorically carrying his bags since 1992. Limbaugh's purpose is not to provide thoughtful political discourse, it's to vent on behalf of his listeners. As a', he has no burden to actually do anything, so making him a party spokesman has been a disaster.
Microsoft's deal to buy Nokia has great potential. Nokia is heading in the right direction unlike BlackBerry, and by making and selling their own products they have performed well during the austerity drive. Stephen Elop, the CEO of Nokia, has done a fantastic job and will probably continue to do so at Microsoft.
Being gay or a woman without a male partner is not an illness. But the French government forbids medically assisted procreation unless the couple is heterosexual and married or have lived together for two years. Besides the fear of a culture war fought on family values, perhaps this is because the procedure is expensive and they don't want to extend this favour to gay couples.
Candace Lightner started Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) after her daughter died after a crash with a repeat drunk driving offender. Before MADDs successful activism, victims of drunk driving had almost no legal recourse in an apathetic judicial system. They had no legislation to endorse and no emotional support system. MADD helped change society's opinion of drunk drivers, and they are finally being forced to accept responsibility for their heinous acts.
The obesity crisis is a class warfare issue. There is an apparent correlation between poverty, health and ; the poorest states are often the fattest and have the lowest life expectancy. But when issues stemming from obesity lead to hospital visits, taxpayers end up paying the bill. campaigning seems interested in talking about the low cycle that is cutting the lives of millions of poor Americans short, while eating away at the income of the middle class.
The 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States contribute to the economy and deserve a pathway to legal status. But US citizenship is special and should have to be gained through individual effort. While roadblocks to citizenship are a bad idea, there shouldn't be a direct pathway either.
An article in the Associated Press from Rachel Zoll and Bill Barrow has caused confusion and consternation with the public. Given the hardship have endured over the years to gain the precious right to vote, their unsupported reporting of black pastors' telling their flocks to stay home Election Day' is wrong and fails to serve the public. AP should look into its internal controls given the lack of unsupported claims, incorrect assumptions and third hand reporting.
McCullough was right when he said that the youth of today are shielded from reality. Millennials have often spent their lives being coddled and spared the stress of living up expectations, and there is lots of evidence for this trend. Some pieces of advice graduates should take to heart include : understand your parents better ; never feel entitled to anything and treat everyone with respect as long as they treat you the same way ; marriage can go a long way to determining success and don't be afraid to have high expectations of your own children.
The 27 veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan running for national office are inspiring. They represent a great generation of troops who continue to serve their country after they return from war. Their experience has taught them the ramifications of foreign policy decisions, the struggle for quality health care and the challenges of obtaining college education. They served with honor, survived, and are ready to assert their military values and skills in the political battlefield.
love and marriage is not ridiculous, and the age gap between Hugh Hefner and his new fiancée is not necessarily a mistake. Neither of them is getting a bad deal, and it's hard to say what their motives are for marrying. Marriage certifies the intent of two partners in the way that living together can not. Marriage presents a clear definition of how a couple wants to be perceived by the world and includes certain legal and traditional privileges.
Anthony Weiner, the disgraced former Democrat representative, may find his way back to public service if he has the support of his family and is prepared to apologise for lying. Weiner resigned after his habit of sending raunchy texts to strangers were exposed by bloggers in June 2011 ; comedians and conservatives feasted on his misery. But New Yorkers tend to give public figures latitude when it comes to their personal life, as demonstrated by corrupt mayor Jimmy Walker and Rudy Giuliani.
Women voters are not confident in a Romney administration since he has shown a stunning lack of empathy and a dangerous lack of understanding of the challenges facing American women. He has no plan to ensure women's economic security which is tied to their health and reproductive choices and lags behind that of their male counterparts by almost every measure. Even for fortunate women who did hold a job under a administration, they are likely to be paid much less than men for equal work as Romney does not support the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Check Fairness Act.
The Democratic Party needs to reclaim the `` language of freedom'' that has been ceded almost entirely to the political right. The Tea Party approach to offering individuals more freedom, by dismantling state programs and deregulating the economy, is backward looking and excludes many. It ignores the pathologies of corporate power and authority which is are at the root of the problem for which conservatives claim the government is responsible.
While male Latino athletes have been largely recognised in the world of sports, female athletes have been shortchanged for most of the 20th century. There are still many economic, educational and cultural barriers to increasing the number of Latinas participating in athletics : opportunities which can yield new academic prospects for young women. Latina athletes who wear the name of the school on their jerseys are seen as local heroes and accepted by the general populace. What could be more American than this ?.
Benjamin Netanyahu is the `` king of Israel'' and we are constantly underestimating him. He surprised the US when he signed an agreement with Kadima leader Shaul Mofaz. Whereas Mofaz looks unprincipled having said he'd never join a coalition, Netanyahu looks like a political genius. But should Israelis strike Iranian nuclear sites, they need the United States to be in their corner to deal with the mess afterwards.
Obama should lay out a plan to confront the climate crisis : there is no debate on the issue and no alternative but to act. Innocent lives were lost in the storms and wildfires symptomatic of climate change. He should use his executive branch powers to support the efforts of the Environmental Protection Agency. And he should publicly commit to ensuring coal miners are the winners in the transition to clean energy ; their sacrifice to bring us power means they deserve secure pensions, health care and an opportunity to be trained for future industry.
Contemporary politics is rude and vulgar. Ted Nugent is an embarrassment to conservatives ; labelling Obama a `` subhuman mongrel'', while he has the constitutional right to do so, is not the sort of rejection of anger in favour of cool rationalism that conservatism is about. Not everyone has surrendered to cultural conservatism ; Catholic Republican interns in Washington spend Sundays at St. Stephens and weekday nights at lectures from bishops, not at a gun range. Conservative presidential aspirants need to defy stereotypes and elevate the political debate.
Despite the headlines about China's diminishing GDP growth, it would be a mistake to think that business opportunities will fade away. China exemplifies an important trend of many emerging markets. What the gloomy economic reports miss is that private consumption continues to increase, particularly among the, while the lower GDP reflects a structural shift in the economy away from bank loans.
Coursera makes the notion of universal education feasible, with potential for remarkable consequences. It could allow us to establish education as a basic human right : anyone with the motivation and ability would be able to learn the skills they need to make a better life for themselves. Quality education is out of reach for many including large parts of Africa, Asia and South America where there is a lack of capacity. Even in the US it is often not accessible ; tuition costs have risen by 559 % since 1985.
Barack Obama correctly interprets how the American middle class was founded. He understands that the manufacturing base and laboratories of innovation built on American soil and grit produced a that became the envy of the world. Mitt Romney, in contrast, has fixated on failures. He wants to give the wealthy a permanent break on taxes and increase national debt by having us pay for more tax havens for the rich, policies that will funnel wealth upwards and push the middle class down.
Abortion in the United States is relatively safe but living in a developed country does not necessarily protect us from regressive health policy as the death of Savita Halappanavar in Ireland reminded us. Globally, many women are unable to make personal health decisions which has grave consequences. Half the women in the US live in states hostile to abortion access. Latanya Mapp Frett wants her children to grow up in a country where they can make their own health care decisions and have their privacy respected.
Obama's jokes about Las Vegas punishes `` real people'' and costs them real money more than someone like Penn Jillette. Although Vegas is a symbol of wasteful stupidity, there is a wonderful and normal suburban community who need jobs created by tourism to live.
The jury room is sacrosanct and America's last secret place. In a society that appears willing to discard all vestiges of privacy, it may be the next venue for reality TV to invade. But justice is not entertainment and the decision to find someone guilty or innocent should not be televised for amusement. The reasons to prevent cameras entering the jury rooms are myriad.
Matt Damon was wrong when he implied that public schools are not progressive enough. It was a bad idea for Damon to attack the public school system and testing given his own kids attend private school : his `` good enough for thee but not for me'' argument deserved the criticism it got from Jebb Bush. Bush, however, is being attacked by the liberal media for hypocrisy as he also sent his kids to private school. But he supports school choice : there's no inconsistency with his denouncement of Damon.
We must ensure that the internet is not censored by governments, as a leak from about new ITU regulations suggests could happen. While we don't advocate for the end of the ITU, an intergovernmental agency is the wrong place to make decisions about the internet's future. History is full of examples of governments controlling information access and inhibiting freedom of expression of their citizens in order to `` protect'' them from harm.
If you are willing to mock community organizers as Rudy Guiliani and Sarah Palin are willing to do, then you don't really care about `` Country First'' or service. Senator John McCain is right when talks about the need for Americans to dedicate themselves to service for the nation, particularly in the military. But in attacking average, income people with no political power, Guiliani and Palin demean women who fought for their rights, disrespect labor activists and immigrant workers, and dismiss those in the civil rights movement.
It's extremely frustrating imagining that a single decision can actively hold back research that could transform lives. The recent injunction issued by a US judge to stop federal funding of stem cell research is overly restrictive and goes against the belief of the majority of Americans. The Michael J. Fox foundation stands with Parkinson's patients and their loved ones as it gears up to launch an ambitious biomarker discovery project.
My mother was right to place high expectations on me ; I owe everything I have accomplished to my parents. While some people interpret such crushing expectations as rejection of their individual worth, I saw it as the ultimate belief in my. My parents expected a lot from me simply because they loved, believed in and wanted the best for me. My mother knew better than to let my future be derailed by volatile teenage feelings.
Derek Jeter's `` dullness'' is almost to be admired. While many athletes feel the need to demand money and respect, Jeter has both as a byproduct of his dogged work ethic and commitment to always playing at 100 %. His professionality means that you never hear a bad word about him.
The opinions of the sages in Washington, otherwise known as `` conventional wisdom'', is completely wrong when it comes to the importance of Iowa in choosing a GOP nominee. Republican voters in the other 49 states mean absolutely nothing according to the media. Iowa is the first to announce its winner, but it's one of 50 states ; voters in other states shouldn't be seen as.
Conservatism lacks a positive message and risks coming across like a harsh creed : an ideology for those intent on disciplining others who are dependent on government support without offering anything back. Romney and modern Republicans have forgotten the legacy of Ronal Reagan who embodied this positive force. A stirring speech in 1976, he asked delegates whether people in a hundred years would say `` thank God for those people in 1976 who headed off that loss of freedom and kept us now 100 years later free''.
The Tunisian judiciary and Ministry of the Interior have failed to respect human dignity and denounce the heinous crime of rape. A women raped by police officers has been made to seem an offender rather than a victim after being charged with public indecency. While women's rights in Tunisia are advanced compared to neighbouring countries, there is risk that progress could be reversed by state impunity.
IBM is probably wrong to say that the digital divide will cease to exist in the next five years. It will likely take much longer for the significant inequities in access to digital services to disappear if it ever does. The digital divide is an increasingly important issue for the nation, economy and the world ; it limits accessibility of jobs, education and the ability to communicate with friends and family.
Barack Obama put on a show of influence and power on his trip to Jordan and Israel. He strengthened the alliance between Israel and Turkey and projected a clear picture of America's vision for the Middle East. In a visit filled with symbolism, he argued that the alliance is `` eternal''. If power is the ability to influence the behavior of others, then he managed to make America more powerful.
Thomas Edison would have supported the new efficiency standards set to take effect. He was a patriot, a futurist and ; take it from his children. The new bulbs will be cheap, safe and help America reclaim its place as a leader in technology and entrepreneurialism.
What can be done about white supremacist music ?. We should aim to shine a light on their hateful lyrics and subculture so that more people will reject their disturbing, often violent messages. Their music preaches antagonism towards Jews, immigrants, Muslims, gays and the, but can also convey a sense of commonality and the sense that listeners are part of a movement with shared goals, ideas and heroes.
Children and grandchildren should be thanking their elders for leaving them trillions of dollars in gifts. Seniors, contrary to their casting as `` greedy geezers'', do not spend much money on themselves during their retirement. They should not have to choose between medication and meals ; we need to cut the cost of health care. Elementary fairness says that people who have worked all their lives and saved a large amount instead of spending it all should be allowed to live out their remaining years in comfort.
Mitt Romney was assertive without being aggressive in the latest presidential debate. But if he decides that his bullying technique of the moderator is effective then he could alienate voters by appearing rude or mean. Obama needs to show more energy and passion ; he could have been more forceful with his point about Romney's unworkable plans.
Barack Obama's spirited defense of free speech should mark the start of a push for more, not less, freedom of expression throughout the world. Every effort to restrict it on the pretence of defending the feelings of followers of any religion needs to be met with the strongest possible resistance. One can argue that countries with blasphemy laws have a right to enact laws as they see fit even if they violate international agreements, but they should not be allowed to alter the fundamental right of freedom of speech for all humans.
Everyone should ask themselves : Do my attitudes about gay rights need adjusting ?. It is ultimately those in the middle and not those with extreme views who will decide if America's gays get to become citizens or if they will continue to be the subjects of prejudice. The social cancer, reflected by the suicide of a Rutgers University student who was emotionally violated after a sexual encounter with another man was streamed online, stokes a justifiable fear in the gay community.
We need to do more to prevent rising suicide rates for those in middle age. The latest CDC report confirms the need to expand our research and prevention efforts for underserved populations in particular. If we do so, we can help those at risk receive the treatment they need and prevent further losses.
There is evidence to support the idea that high levels of income inequality are a bad thing for society. Philosophers assert that highly economically divided societies can stop seeing each other as equals and inequality inhibits economic mobility ; meani g the American Dream becomes a reality for some people. On the other hand, basically no one thinks that everyone in the United States should have the same income. And the US ranks below numerous nations most Americans wouldn't want to move to with regards to income inequality ; it's not clear that more income inequality is necessarily bad.
While most people tortured, kidnapped or killed by the Mexican cartel have historically been criminals, more and more innocent bystanders, including children, are being involved in the violence. Of course, the big concern is whether this violence will spill over into the US. The cartel has infiltrated every corner of the US ; they pose a bigger threat to our national security than terrorists. The decision to go to war in Afghanistan was easy to make in 2001, but we should also consider the number of Americans dying as a result of drug peddling by Mexican cartels when deciding how to protect ourselves from the threats these countries pose.
Refusing to acknowledge the nuances and complexities of a whole population of people is a sign of disrespect, and this is common for the 50.5 million Hispanic Americans. The challenge today is to get corporations and political parties to see Hispanics how the really are and not what they are assumed to be. Hispanics want that the rest of their countrymen want : the respect that comes from being seen as individuals and not just part of a group. That's the American way.
American military is increasingly active on the continent of Africa, but we should question the legality and impact of these engagements, particularly in weak African states. Some US military operations in Africa have caused further instability aiding international peace and security. We should find ways of ensuring our foreign policy in Africa is led by values and not interests to have any chance of success.
The stigma surrounding mental illness results in fear, prejudice and discrimination towards anyone struggling with a mental health problem. Members of all communities experience these issues, and stigma remains a barrier that prevents people from reaching out for the help that they need. We should not be hasty to respond to stories like the Navy Yard incidents by further sigmatising the millions of Americans who live productively with mental illness and share the anger and anguish of other Americans when these tragedies occur.
Tim Samaras and his sons tragically died while studying a thunderstorm in Oklahoma city on Friday, but it would be doubly tragic if his memory is besmirched by the assumption that he was simply seeking publicity or thrills. While he was contributing to our knowledge of storms, some storm chasers engage in dangerous behaviour. It has been alleged that storm chasers clog roads and make it difficult for first responders to reach victims. It's not clear that know how to avoid interfering with traffic.
Myron Lowery's fist bump with the Dalai Lama was intended as an expression of warm friendship and Southern hospitality, and not as disrespectful or inappropriate. Lowery was not unaware of the gravity of the moment His Holiness accepted an award on the hallowed ground where Rev. Dr Martin Luther King died in Memphis. In his judgement, His Holiness carried himself humbly and with the air of a man happy to participate in local customs.
