 On 5 January 2002 pan-Arab anti-terror academy Naif Arab Academy for Security Sciences reopened for the first time since the September 2001 terror attacks on the US . Naif Arab Academy for Security Sciences is based in Riyadh . Naif Arab Academy for Security Sciences is run by an Arab Interior Ministers' Council . In a statement Naif Arab Academy for Security Sciences announced -- . It will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts . The workshop's anti-terrorism experts are from 11 Arab countries including Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Mauritania, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen . The workshop's anti-terrorism experts belong to anti-terror squads in Arab security agencies and Anti-Organized Crime Units . Some specialize in dealing with kidnapping and hostage-taking scenarios . The workshop will address several terrorism-related issues including political factors leading to terror, the role of religion in fighting terrorists and economic factors that support crime and terrorism . The workshop will study the use of the Internet to promote terrorism and the Internet's role in facilitating money transactions and funding terrorist groups . In April 1998 Arab countries signed an anti-terrorism agreement that binds the signatories to coordinate to fight terrorism .
 Government sources said on January 7, 2002 that a united nation nuclear team will make a week-long visit to North Korea this weekend to inspect the Stalinist state's controversial nuclear site . The upcoming visit is viewed as part of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) drive to clarify North Korea's nuclear ambitions . A government source stated the visit by a group of IAEA safety experts is scheduled to last for a week beginning January 12, 2002 . The source stated that the inspection would focus on an isotope production laboratory in the Yongbyon nuclear complex which is north of North Korea's capital Pyongyang . The IAEA tour of the isotope production laboratory will unlikely give a full picture of North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons ambitions . The tour was a surprise offer made by North Korea in November 2001 . IAEA accepted North Korea's proposal last month but cautioned that the proposal is not a breakthrough . IAEA also stated the lab is not one of the frozen facilities it wants to look into . IAEA is based in Vienna and is the UN's nuclear supervisor . North Korea has denied the IAEA full access to its facilities . North Korea froze its suspected nuclear weapons program at Yongbyon in exchange for receiving two nuclear reactors producing less weapons-grade plutonium under a 1994 accord with the United States . The 4.6-billion-dollar project was due to be completed by 2003 . Delays have pushed back the finish until at least 2008 . Pyongyang insists it will allow full IAEA inspections only when a significant portion of the project as defined in the 1994 accord is completed .
 South Koreans rallied on January 11, 2002 in support of their right to eat dog meat . They threatened an Internet war as part of a campaign to defend the traditional cuisine . A nationalist group has vowed cyber hostilities against U.S. based media company Warner Bros. and one of France's state-run television channels . The activists accuse the organizations of being culturally-biased and insulting . A South Korean group has announced a campaign backed by food scientists to promote the eating of dog meat . This announcement was in response to increasing foreign criticism of the way dogs are slaughtered in South Korea . The killing of dogs for restaurants has become a more popular topic than the football World Cup finals . The World Cup finals are to be co-hosted by South Korea and Japan this year . The debate was partly fueled by FIFA, football's international governing body . FIFA urged South Korea to prevent the inhumane killing of dogs . South Koreans are angered by the international pressure on their traditional cuisine . The organizers of South Korean website antijapan.wo.ro vowed to paralyze the websites of Warner Bros. (www.wpix.com) and the French state television network (www.francetv.fr) on January 19, 2002 . The organizers of the South Korean website accused the broadcasters of falsely describing South Koreans and their food culture as barbaric . The anti-Japan group stated that South Korean culture is under attack . The statement was made to gain supporters to join the lobbying . Cyber warfare has become a common weapon for South Koreans . They are one of the most Internet savvy nations in the world . South Korean cyber campaigners disabled Japanese education ministry websites last year in a protest against history books accused of skimming Japan's wartime record in Asia . The nationalist group was formed to campaign against Japan . The group said the foreign broadcasters are battering the eating dogmeat culture and that it is insulting behavior . It tramples on a tradition of one country . The group said the foreign broadcasters do not show any remorse for their culture of eating snails and horses . The cyber attack is to show the power of South Koreans and Asians against the West's sense of superiority and ignorance of South Korea's history . Another group said they will launch an association next Monday of around 100 dog meat restaurant owners in the Seoul region and hold a seminar to promote the dish . Food scientist at Chung Chong College an Yong-geun said he would introduce some 350 different kinds of culinary art with dog meat . French actress-turned activist Brigitte Bardot and other animal rights campaigners call to stop the South Korean practice of eating dogs . FIFA president Sepp Blatter sent a letter last November to South Korea's World Cup organizing committee calling for immediate and decisive measures against cruelty to dogs . It was ahead of the World Cup which starts May 31, 2002 . Head of the Korean Football Association and a FIFA vice president Chung Mong-Joon said FIFA should not intervene in the eating habits of a sovereign nation . South Korean officials said most dogs used for eating were killed instantly by electrocution . Activists contend many slaughterhouses in the countryside are not controlled . They strangle dogs, hang them by a rope and beat them in line with traditional practice to make the meat more tender . Dog restaurants were told to close or go into the backstreets when Seoul hosted the 1988 Olympics . No similar move is planned for the World Cup . The authorities say the practice is slowly disappearing in Korea . A recent survey stated that about one million dogs are sold every year for food in South Korea and 92 percent of men aged 20 and above and 68 percent of adult women have tasted dog meat .
 Religious extremism continues in Pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the Pakistani Government . Newspapers and magazines extolling the virtues of Islamic holy war in Kashmir continue to fill the newstands in Pakistan despite the Pakistani military Government's attempt at a large scale containment of religious extremism . Around 1400 alleged religious extremists have been arrested since 020112 under severe actions against Islamic militants and sectarian radicals announced by President Pervez Musharraf during the weekend . The severe actions against militants and radicals came as Pervez Musharraf banned 5 Islamic groups . The banned 5 Islamic groups included the 2 hardline militant groups fighting Indian rule in Kashmir which the Indian government accuses of staging the violent 011213 attack on the Indian parliament . Pakistani authorities have stated that no statements or literature from the 5 banned Islamic groups would be tolerated after Pervez Musharraf's speech banning the 5 Islamic groups . Pervez Musharraf's speech banning the 5 Islamic groups was applauded by the United States . Iftikhar Ahmed stated that under the notification that was issued late at night on 020114 all publications, newspapers, weekly magazines, monthlies, etc of the 5 banned Islamic groups are banned and confiscated . Iftikhar Ahmed is a Pakistani interior ministry official . Iftikhar Ahmed stated that Pakistan's provincial governments have been asked to implement the orders in the notification that was issued on 020114 and that Pakistan's provincial governments are in the process of taking action . Karachi police chief Tariq Jamil stated that the 5 banned Islamic groups would not be allowed to operate in any way . Tariq Jamil stated that he would examine if the baned literature is still available in the market despite the ban . The 2 hardline militant groups fighting Indian rule in Kashmir are the Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad . The Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammad are still distributing their message through a range of publications and magazines easily available in Karachi . Other groups linked to terrorism and included on the United States Terrorist Exclusion List are also publishing regular newspapers and journals containing rhetoric that is against Western countries and calls for war in the name of Islam . Qari Mohammad Zafar stated that his elders urged him to read about Jihad through the Islam daily published by the Al-Rashid Trust and Lashkar-i-Taiba's zarb-e-Taiba weekly . Qari Mohammad Zafar is an 18-year-old student of a religious seminary . Qari Mohammad Zafar stated that he did not know whether the Pakistani government will also ban the publications encouraging Jihad . Qari Mohammad Zafar stated that himself and other people have been told by our elders to read pro-Jihad newspapers and magazines . The al-Rashid Trust and Lashkar-i-Taiba are on the United States Terrorist Exclusion List and the Al-Rashid Trust's and Lashkar-i-Taiba's assets frozen in Pakistan . The Al-Rashid Trust has not been officially banned in Pakistan . The primary editorial in The Islam daily of Al-Rashid Trust on 020115 carried a warning to the Pakistani government . The Islam daily of Al-Rashid Trust supports the Taliban Fund linked to Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network . The headline in the Islam daily of Al-Rashid Trust on 020115 stated action extreme against extremism above an article stating that the Pakistani government should not domineer a large section of Pakistani society which supported the jihad against Indian rule in the divided Himalayan state of Kashmir . Newspaper seller Mohammad Farooq stated that Pervez Musharraf's clamp-down on extremism had done little to limit the demand for banned religious extremist publications . Mohammad Farooq stated that the publication of the Islam daily of Al-Rashid Trust has not been affected yet by Pervez Musharraf's clamp-down on extremism and the circulation of the Islam daily of Al-Rashid Trust has increased in the past couple of days . Over 12 publications including dailies, weeklies and monthlies of various extremist groups including those banned on 020112 still sell in large numbers in the markets and bazaars of Karachi . Police officer Mohammad Iqbal stated that the police so far have not received any instructions to take action against any banned religious extremist publications . Analysts stated that the Pakistani government may have trouble explaining the Pakistani government's reasoning if the banned religious extremist groups' publications are suddenly removed from the newsstands because the Pakistani Government generally supports the freedom of the press . A reporter who did not want to be named from the publication of the Islam daily of Al-Rashid Trust stated that it would not be easy for the Pakistani government to ban the religious extremist publications and make over 500 employees jobless .
 On January 17, 2002 a state radio reported that thirteen drug traffickers were killed and 10 arrested in Iran anti-drug sweeps . The Iranian army launched a huge sweep against traffickers along the borders with Afghanistan and Pakistan . The radio said the first day of Val Fajr accumulated more than four tons of drugs and 50 guns in southeast Iran on January 16, 2002 . Val Fajr means swear to victory in Arabic and is a phrase from the Koran . In December 2002 police announced than an armed corps with Afghanistan, Pakistan and Turkmenistan was being assembled specifically to combat drug trafficking along Iran's borders . Iran is a major transit point between drug producers in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the markets of Europe and the Gulf . Parliament approved plans in May 2001 to build an anti-drugs wall along the 925-kilometre (560-mile) border with Afghanistan . A budget was allocated for the barrier to be equipped with electronic detention equipment . An Afghan television reported on January 16, 2002 that Afghanistan's interim administration has banned the cultivation of opium poppies in a bid to end drug trafficking . In July 2000 the Taliban militia also banned production of opium . Opium is the raw ingredient for heroin . The ban was strictly enforced with opium production decreasing from 3,200 tons to 185 tons . Afghan farmers resumed growing opium poppies after the militia was overthrown in December 2001 . Iranian law states the death penalty for drug trafficking . More than 3,000 policemen have been killed in anti-drugs raids in the past 20 years .
 Iran's state news agency IRNA reported 23 January 2002 that Iranian security forces killed 21 drug traffickers and arrested more than 1600 in operations in the east and south of Iran in recent days . IRNA stated that in the large-scale army operation along the eastern borders with Afghanistan and Pakistan 21 drug traffickers were killed, 1500 arrested and approximately 5 tons of drugs seized . IRNA stated that the 10-day-old operation would continue until all the traffickers were killed or arrested . In a separate dispatch IRNA stated that during the past 20 days in southern Iran's Fars Province police had arrested 107 drug traffickers including 11 foreign nationals . The nationalities of the foreigners were not mentioned . IRNA stated that approximately 1 ton of various drugs including hashish as well as fire arms were seized . Iran is a major transit point between drug producers in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the markets of Europe and the Gulf . In May 2001 the Iranian parliament approved plans to build a wall equipped with electronic detection devices along the 560-mile border with Afghanistan to deter drug trafficking . Last week Afghan Television reported that Afghanistan's interim administration has banned cultivation of opium poppies in an attempt to end drug trafficking . Opium is the raw ingredient for heroin . The now-ousted Taliban militia in July 2000 also banned production of opium . The ban was strictly enforced and resulted in a decrease in opium production from 3200 tons to 185 tons . Desperate Afghan farmers resumed growing opium poppies soon after the hard-line militia lost power in December 2001 . Iranian law applies the death penalty for drug trafficking . In the past 20 years more than 3000 police officers have been killed in anti-drug raids .
 A recent government warning that al-Qaeda terrorists could launch a cyberattack on Canadian interests or critical infrastructure has caused many concerned industries to review their security systems . Vice President of Canadian electricity Association Francis Bradley stated that the company has a warning system for both physical and cyberattacks . Bradley stated that the company has been significantly focused on prevention of cyberattacks . In a recent interview Bradley stated that many utility firms perform a brief review of their multi-tiered response systems after such warnings are issued . The warning from the Canadian Department of National Defense's office of critical infrastructure protection and emergency service was quietly released on 20 December 2001 and cited no specific threat . Director of threat analysis at the Canadian Department of National Defense's office of critical infrastructure protection and emergency service Brenda hensler-Hobbs stated that following the attacks of 11 September 2001 the Canadian Government specifically examined the potential cyber-capability of al-Qaeda and Osama bin Laden's followers . Hensler-Hobbs stated that the Canadian government has no knowledge of Al-Qaeda having engaged in cyberattacks in the past but that leader bin Laden has suggested that if he chose to launch cyberattacks he could have the means available to him . In summary of the recent warning stating that such an attack could be executed in the very near future hensler-Hobbs stated that bin Laden's location was irrelevant because bin Laden possesses the money and supporters necessary to have such an attack executed by others . A number of al-Qaeda militants including Millennium plot bomber Ahmed Ressam are known to have remained in Canada . Many are located in Montreal . Hensler-Hobbs stated that the proliferation and availability of Hacker tools and the low skill level needed to conduct cyberattacks demonstrate the ease of launching an attack anywhere . Hensler-Hobbs cited the example of the Montreal-based Hacker known as mafiaboy who attacked U.S. websites including Amazon.com in 2000 . Many think that security must be improved at North American critical infrastructures including energy and transportation providers and the financial services sector that are largely interconnected . Many businesses began preparing for cyber incidents before the year 2000 . A separate report issued recently by the U.S. government-funded research group computer science and telecommunications Board stated that cyber security needs considerable improvement . For example, according to a Canadian government estimate the love bug launched in May 2000 caused 6.7 billion U.S. dollars in damage and disrupted Canadian government systems . Bell Canada spokesman Andrew Cole stated that Bell Canada is prepared and remains prepared for various potential situations and scenarios . Cole stated -- . Bell Canada works very closely with the Government and the private sector to be aware of security concerns and to update accordingly . Bell Canada worked closely with U.S. officials and firms after the attacks of 11 September 2001 . Bell Canada provides a total of 26 million phone and Internet connections to a nation of 30 million people . Bradley stated -- . Electricity firms have strong warning systems that are coordinated by the North American Electric reliability Council . There has not been a cyber event that has resulted in a loss of power for utility customers . There is little possibility that a cyberattack would disable a North American electric grid . Electric companies are well prepared and are making all preparations required to be ready for any physical or cyberattack . The North American Electric reliability Council's 30 largest utility companies went on their highest alert on September 11 and many still have an increased security presence in effect and plan to extend it further .
 The Kamchatenergo company disconnected a major control center of the Russian space forces located in Kamchatka early Saturday, the Russian Space Forces press service said . Kamchatenergo feeds power to the vast Kamchatka peninsula in Russia's far east . A statement from the Russian Space Forces press services on 020126 called the action a direct violation of government decrees on defense facilities and stated that it could have led to the loss of a spacecraft costing hundreds of millions of rubles . The monitoring center is a key element in maintaining Russia's satellite network in orbit and plays a part in operations of the international space platform Alfa . Officials at the command center took urgent measures to use reserve power units to keep the system functioning and to temporarily provide residential centers with electricity . Several other military bases and strategic defense units were affected . The State power monopoly United energy services and its regional subsidiary Kamchatenergo launched a program of power cuts to long-term debtors on 020125 . United energy services argues that non-payment of bills has prevented it from maintaining supplies . The Russian Space Forces, the space branch of Russia's armed forces, expressed alarm at the prospect of further power cuts resulting from delays in Federal budget resources reaching local authorities on time .
 28 January 2002 -- Russian space officials warned that power cuts against the military for non-payment of bills could have catastrophic consequences . Russian space agency spokesman Sergei Gorbunov announced -- . A weekend black-out at a command center in the Far East Kamchatka Peninsula of the Russian space forces had not affected the international space station (ISS) . The Kamchatka Command Center maintains Russia's satellite network in orbit . The Kamchatka command center plays a role in ISS operations . cutting power to command centers could pose dangers for Russian space installations . Power cuts could lead to a failure of all work with space craft . The ISS could function for an orbit or two without ground control by using standby systems . A total unexpected loss of power during control of military equipment could be catastrophic . The Government or UES or the Ministry of Defense must resolve the issue . The Kamchatenergo company feeds power to Kamchatka Peninsula . On 26 January 2002 Kamchatenergo disconnected the Russian Space Forces center for most of the day . Kamchatenergo is 1 of several regional subsidiaries of State power monopoly United energy services (UES) . On 25 January 2002 UES cut power to long-term debtors . Kamchatenergo stated that non-payment of bills prevent it from maintaining power supplies . The ISS -- . consists of 16 nations . is hailed as an example of international cooperation in space . has been largely built by Russia . Russia provided several ISS modules including Zvezda and Zarya . Several other military bases including some strategic defense units were affected by the power outage . Russian space forces is the space branch of Russia's armed forces . ISS module unity was built by the US .
 A New South Wales Supreme Court jury took just over 2 hours on 020201 to find Gafur Rakhimov had been libelled in a book the Great Olympic swindle which alleges Olympic corruption . Gafur Rakhimov is an Uzbekistan Olympic boxing official and was depicted in the book as a major international heroin dealer and racketeer . The Great Olympic swindle was written by British journalist Andrew Jennings and published by Simon and Schuster . The Rakhimov case will now go to a single judge to hear defences and decide any damages to be awarded to Rakhimov . The Great Olympic swindle implied that Gafur Rakhimov had been engaged in fraud, prostitution, assassination, gun running and plutonium smuggling . The book also implied that the businessman was a gangster in the Soviet black economy and had traded sporting medals for bribes . Rakhimov was Vice-President of the Olympic Council of Asia and an Executive Member of the International Amateur Boxing Association . Rakhimov was also said to have bribed members of the International Amateur Boxing Federation in the vote for the Federation Presidency . Jennings is a long-time critic of the International Olympic Committee . The 020201 verdict followed 2 defamation actions brought last year by Rakhimov against the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) and Jennings and against the Sydney Morning Herald (SMH) and Jennings . A jury found in the case involving the ABC that ABC's flagship current affairs program four corners had implied Rakhimov knew some of the world's most dangerous criminals and was suspected by the FBI of drug trafficking . That Panel found those insinuations were not defamatory and threw out the case against the ABC and Jennings . The SMH and Jennings were then sued over 3 articles published in the lead-up to the 000000 Olympics . The jury in that case found Rakhimov had been painted as a major international criminal and had been defamed .
 On 10 February 2002 an official with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe was quoted as stating that long-term stability in Central Asia depends on eradicating post-Taliban Afghan terrorism and drug-trafficking . The OSCE envoy in neighboring Tajikistan Marc Gilbert stated to the government weekly national gazette that there are now hopes that Afghanistan will develop its democratic institutions and end terrorism and drug-smuggling resulting in greater stability in Central Asia . Gilbert stated that the post-Soviet republics in central Asia fought terrorism by giving material and other necessary help to the international anti-terrorist coalition in the war against Saudi dissident Osama bin Laden and the Taliban regime . Both Tajikistan and Uzbekistan share a border with Afghanistan and have experienced raids by Taliban-backed Islamic militants in recent years . Neighboring Kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by Taliban-backed Islamic militants in recent years . Kazakhstan also became a key U.S. partner in the Afghan war opening its airspace to military overflights . Turkmenistan maintained a more neutral stance . Turkmenistan borders Afghanistan . Gilbert stated that Tajikistan's positive and responsible approach to the crisis in Afghanistan has significantly improved the country's image internationally . Tajik government expert and head of the Tajik Drug Control Agency Vladimir Rakhmonov stated on 10 February 2002 that the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan had failed to stop drug trafficking across the border into Tajikistan . Rakhmonov stated to Interfax -- . Opium and heroin are a form of hard-currency reserve for Afghanistan . Drug trafficking from Afghanistan has been concealed so securely that it will be impossible to uncover . Drug trafficking from Afghanistan resumed during a brief hiatus in the anti-terrorist operation . In 2001 Tajik law-enforcement agencies and Russian border guards seized 8.8 tons of drugs including 4.2 tons of heroin . This represented a 26 percent increase overall in 2001 with 3 times the amount of heroin . Suggestions that there are no longer drug lords in Afghanistan and that drug traffic into Tajikistan has been eradicated are unrealistic and false . Many years would be needed to convert Afghanistan's agriculture historically specialized in the growing of raw opium . Cultivation of raw opium provided the only source of income for much of the rural population . Tajikistan's 780-mile border with Afghanistan is patrolled by approximately 11000 Russian soldiers under a 1992 agreement between the Russian and Tajik Governments .
 March 1, 2002 interim interior minister of Afghanistan Yunus Qanooni asked Russian officials to assist in combating the drugs trade and establishing security in Afghanistan . Qanooni is a member of the Northern Alliance . Qanooni told Russian Deputy Minister for Emergency Situations Yury Vorobyov -- . Unfortunately over the past six years, the rule of the Taliban turned Afghanistan into a center of terrorism and drugs . The struggle against terrorism and against drugs, and the establishment of security is a priority for the Administration of Afghanistan . But combating terrorism and drugs requires joint efforts . Peace and stability in Afghanistan is not only in the interests of the Afghani people and nation but of all the countries in the region . Afghanistan's interim government stated that it would take firm measures very quickly to prevent the harvest of poppy in the wake of the Taliban regime's fall late last year . Leader of Afghanistan's interim government Hamid Karzai said the fight against poppy harvesting and the lucrative trafficking of opium and heroin will be a top priority . The anti-drug effort is strongly supported by Western countries, whose populations are a major market for heroin and opium from Afghanistan . February 28, 2002 Kabul officials announced that Afghan police are creating their first anti-narcotics units with the help of the United Nations due to concern that the country could again become a major producer of opium . February 28, 2002 Qanooni stated in talks with Russian Interior Minister Boris Gryzlov that Afghanistan's main task is to prevent future drugs production . Qanooni outlined a three-stage plan of action -- . Afghan authorities will seek to ban poppy harvesting . Afghan authorities will strengthen the borders around Afghanistan . Afghan authorities will cooperate with the security forces of neighboring states . Afghanistan is thought to be responsible for 75 percent of the world's opium and 80 percent of the heroin traded illegally in Europe . Approximately 11000 Russian guards patrol the 1200-kilometre (750-mile) border between Russia and Afghanistan under a 1992 agreement signed by Moscow and Dushanbe . The Northern Alliance opposes the Taliban but tolerated the harvest of poppy in territory it controlled . Afghanistan's interim government has been in power for 2 months .
 South Korea's Defense Ministry came under attack in Parliament on 04 March 2002 over allegations that it is favoring U.S. company Boeing for a multi-billion-dollar fighter project . Ruling and opposition lawmakers criticized the Ministry as newspapers reported that the French-made fighter Rafale had scored the highest marks of any of the 4 contenders in field tests performed by South Korean Air Force evaluators . The 3.2 billion U.S. dollar project to buy 40 fighters will be one of the most important international military contracts awarded this year but it has encountered multiple obstacles . Award of the contract was temporarily suspended in February 2002 after the prices offered by 4 bidders were judged too high . South Korea's defense ministry promised to conclude its first-stage appraisal by the end of March 2002 . There has also been much newspaper speculation that the South Korean government might yield to U.S. pressure to buy Boeing's aged F-15 k . Speculation grew in February 2002 when Defense Minister Kim Dong-Shin stressed that South Korea should consider security ties with the United States in the project . The other competing planes are the Dassault firm's Rafale, the Eurofighter Consortium's typhoon 2000 and the Russian Su-32 made by Sukhoi . Dassault is seeking its first foreign order for the Rafale . Kang Chang-Sung of the opposition Grand National Party expressed doubt of the fairness of the evaluation methods stating that his party suspects that the Defense Ministry has political reasons to select the F-15 k . The ruling Millennium Democratic Party also accused the Ministry of favoring the F-15 k despite the defense chief's insistence that there was no favoritism toward Boeing . Kim stated -- . There has been no pressure from the United States . There would be an investigation into how classified documents had been leaked . The Defense Ministry was further pressured by numerous newspaper reports of the Air Force's evaluation of the Rafale as excellent in all categories . Newspapers stated that the F-15 k was rated excellent in reliability and support combat capability but met only 30 percent of core technology requirements . Newspapers stated that the Eurofighter was rated excellent in general function and reliability categories but the Rafale also earned the excellent rating for its weapons and electronic warfare capability . The Su-35 placed fourth with ratings of ordinary in all five categories . Rafale reportedly offered more generous terms for technology transfer and subcontracts for South Korea's aerospace industry . The Ministry stated that the air force was just 1 of 4 evaluations . Some analysts have stated that the study method is biased toward Boeing noting that the evaluation was revised in February 2002 to ensure that all 4 bidders would receive an automatic 60 points for technology transfer . The English-language Korea Herald newspaper stated that this revision gives an advantage to Boeing which has been reluctant to transfer core technology . The Korea Herald stated that when evaluators were conducting their first-stage reports the ministry ordered them to give each bidder grades within a range of 60 to 100 points instead of 0 to 100 points . The Korea Herald stated that critics say Boeing would benefit most from the points minimum because it would gain fewer points than Dassault in terms of technology transfer and subcontracts .
 Senior South Korean minister Jeong Se-hyun on 020329 warned that tensions could rise because North Korea wants inspections of its nuclear facilities delayed . Unification Minister Jeong is the South Korean government's chief policymaker for relations with North Korea . Jeong said in a lecture on South Korea and US relations with North Korea that there was some talk in the United States that the nuclear inspection in North Korea should be carried out in 020800 . North Korea's suggestion is that the inspection should be delayed until 050000 . Jeong said that a crisis could come in 020800 on the Korean peninsula if this issue becomes an international point of contention . Following Jeong's comments another senior government official sought to play down Jeong's remarks about the looming troubles . The unnamed official told the Yonhap national news agency that talk of pressing for IAEA inspections in 020800 had come only from private researchers in the United States . The official said it was speculation that the North Korean government thinks the inspections should be delayed until 050000 . Top South Korean envoy Lim Won-dong intends to raise international concerns about the North's nuclear and missile programs when he goes to Pyongyang 020403 . Lim is a special advisor to President Kim Dae-jung on national security and foreign affairs . Lim has also warned of a looming nuclear crisis on the Korean Peninsula . Military officials said Lim intimated the problems could be as serious as a 940000 nuclear standoff over North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons development that came close to conflict . The North Korean government agreed to freeze the North Korean nuclear program under an accord with a US-led international consortium . The consortium is to build 2 light water nuclear reactors that produce less weapons grade fuel than North Korea's old graphite reactors and provide substitute fuel until they are built . The original 030000 target date for completion has been put back at least 5 years because of major political and construction delays . The 940000 Accord stipulated that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) must be allowed to inspect North Korea's old facilities to see if plutonium has been processed before the core facilities of the new reactors are installed .
 India's State-owned banglalore-based Hindustan Aeronautics Limited Chairman N. R. Mohanty stated that the Indian government has decided that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited will manufacture and maintain 140 Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jets . N. R. Mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the Defense Research and Development Organisation, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited and the Indian Air Force to upgrade India's ageing fleet of MiG-27 m aircraft . N. R. Mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the Defense Research and Development Organisation, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited and the Indian Air Force . N. R. Mohanty stated that initially 40 aircraft will be upgraded . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited will receive 100 percent technology transfer to make the Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jet . N. R. Mohanty stated that this technology transfer is good because when an aircraft is sold at a cheap rate you end up paying more when you start maintaining the aircraft and requesting spare aircraft . Hindustan Aeronautics Limited plans to begin making the Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jet in 030000 and the first aircraft will be handed over to the Indian Air Force by 040000 . N. R. Mohanty stated that the manufacture of all the 140 Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jets will be completed by 170000 . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited will also manufacture the 920 engines for the Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jets . The initial investment will be 650 million United States dollars . 150 million United States dollars of the initial investment will be earmarked for capital investment . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited will fund the initial investment from Hindustan Aeronautics Limited's own resources and the 500 million United States dollars needed for tooling, other equipment and technical assistance will be raised when Hindustan Aeronautics Limited needs it . Hindustan Aeronautics Limited has paid a licence fee of 286 million United States dollars to Russia to be able to make the Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jets . N. R. Mohanty stated that the Indian government was also planning to purchase 50 Sukhoi 30 MK fighter jets from Russia at a cost of 30 million United States dollars each . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited's indigenous aircraft will cost slightly less or be almost equal to 30 million United States dollars each . An earlier 340 million United States dollar plan to upgrade India's MiG-21 fighter jets was delayed by more than 5 years . Russian officials blamed the Indian Government's intransigence for the delay . The 960000 Russian Indian upgrade deal was meant to be completed within 2 years but the first 2 upgraded MiG-21-93 jets were not delivered to India until 000000 . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited's 010000 target was to deliver 16 MiG-21 upgrades but Hindustan Aeronautics Limited was only able to deliver 6 . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited had many problems with the French and Russian companies and that this year Hindustan Aeronautics Limited is planning a minimum of 24 upgrades . N. R. Mohanty stated that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited had submitted a proposal to the Indian government for the development of a light attack helicopter and the first flight of India's intermediate jet trainer hjt-36 was planned for 020000 . Hindustan Aeronautics Limited stated on 020404 that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited made a net profit of 62 million United States dollars on a sales turnover of 27.3 billion rupees year-on-year for the fiscal year to 020300 .
 7 April 2002 -- Japanese opposition Liberal Party chief Ichiro Ozawa has announced that Japan is able to arm itself with nuclear weapons overnight . Japan will arm itself with nuclear weapons if China proceeds with excessive military expansion . Ozawa discussed Japan's nuclear weapons during a meeting with a Chinese community party intelligence division official . Ozawa's warning could provoke strong reaction from China and Asia . Asia is on alert to signs of Japan's military revival . 6 April 2002 -- in a lecture in the provincial city of Fukuoka Ozawa stated -- . China is expanding its military power to attempt to join the ranks of the superpowers . China is trying to become a military Power like the US . That Ozawa told an unnamed Chinese visitor that if China expands its military power Japanese people will get hysterical . Japan can easily produce nuclear warheads . Japan can produce thousands of nuclear warheads overnight . Japan may have enough plutonium at nuclear power plants for 3000 or 4000 rounds . If Japan rises to the occasion Japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power . Ozawa wants a fully democratic China and a society in which China and Japan can coexist . The introduction of democracy to China is essential to world peace . A breakdown of order in China will lead to significant global turmoil . A breakdown of order in China will be worse than in Afghanistan or Yugoslavia . Japanese newspapers expressed concern about the repercussions of Ozawa's remarks . Conservative daily newspaper Sankei Shimbun stated that Ozawa's nuclear armament threats are an attempt to subdue China . Sankei Shimbun stated that Ozawa's remarks are likely to cause contention in Japan and abroad . Influential daily newspaper Asahi Shimbun anticipates a backlash from the Chinese government and others . Ozawa is a renowned advocate of a strong armed forces . Ozawa is a conservative . Ozawa is a former secretary general of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party .
 The Japanese Government stated on April 8, 2002 its policy of holding no nuclear warheads . This was after a senior lawmaker said Japan can arm itself with nuclear weapons overnight . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuo Fukuda told a press conference that it has been Japan's policy since World War II to not hold any nuclear weapons . Fukuda said that there will be no changes in Japan adherence to the policy and that Japan wishes all nuclear weapons would disappear from the world . A speech by opposition Liberal Party chief Ichiro Ozawa told a Chinese intelligence official that Japanese people will get hysterical if China continued to build its military strength . Ozawa said it would be easy for Japan to produce nuclear warheads and that Japan can produce thousands of nuclear warheads overnight . Ozawa stated that Japan could have enough plutonium at nuclear power plants for 3000 or 4000 rounds . Ozawa is a renowned advocate of strong armed forces . Ozawa said that if Japan rises to the occasion then Japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power . Ozawa wanted a fully democratic China and an environment in which China and Japan can co-exist . Greenpeace International said Ozawa's comment confirmed the threat posed by Japan's massive plutonium program . Shaun Bernie of Greenpeace International said Ozawa is right to state the potential of Japan to use its so-called peaceful plutonium program for nuclear weapons purposes . Bernie said Ozawa has exposed the myths of Japan being a peaceful energy program for a resource poor country . Bernie said Ozawa's statement may actually serve an important role in forcing the scale of Japan's plutonium program and the threat of confrontation in northeast Asia on to the international agenda .
 Brazilian embassy officials stated that on 8 April 2002 Brazilian Defense Minister Geraldo da Cruz Quintao began a week-long series of meetings in Moscow with Russian officials during which he is to meet Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov . Quintao met head of the Arms Export Company Rosoboronexport Andrei Belyaninov . A spokesman for Rosoboronexport was quoted by the Interfax news agency as stating that Quintao met Belyaninov to discuss cooperation in various areas in addition to the preparation of specific contracts for Russian arms sales to Brazil . The spokesman for Rosoboronexport stated that the discussed cooperation was marked by an emphasis on the space sector . The Brazilian embassy stated that Quintao is also to meet leading members of Russia's military-industrial complex . After meeting Ivanov on 9 April 2002 Quintao will travel to Saint Petersburg where he will spend the rest of the week . During a visit in January 2002 by Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso and a delegation of 70 people the Russian government stated that it anticipated sales of its Su-27 and MiG-29 fighters to Brazil along with S-300 anti-missile batteries . Brazil is known to be interested in extending its cooperation with Russia in the space sector and has offered Russia the use of a platform in the north of the country for satellite launches .
 The Daily Telegraph reported on 08 April 2002 that declassified British Ministry of Defense documents explain how to make an atomic bomb . The Daily Telegraph reports that the documents became public domain over the past 5 years . The declassified documents are available to the public and could therefore be consulted by terrorists . The Daily Telegraph reports that the documents give details of the manufacture of Britain's first nuclear bomb at the end of the 1940s and start of the 1950s . The declassified documents provide a list of the ingredients for such a weapon including the amount of plutonium necessary and how to spark off a chain reaction . Britain's first nuclear bomb was called Blue Danube . Former engineer who worked on Britain's military nuclear program Brian Burnell stated that the instructions could enable a terrorist to construct a rudimentary atomic bomb . The Telegraph reported that the principle challenge would be obtaining the necessary plutonium but that several outlaw states like Iraq might possess plutonium . Terror organizations like al-Qaeda have tried to obtain plutonium . Burnell was quoted as stating that the documents should never have been declassified and after the events of 11 September 2001 there is a case for removing them from public access . The Telegraph stated that opposition Conservative Party defense spokesman Bernard Jenkin immediately called for explanations from the Labour government calling the documents a monstrous free gift to terrorists .
 The number of heroin addicts in Tajikistan has vastly increased over the past five years due to drug trafficking between Afghanistan and Europe . The majority of the heroin is grown in neighboring Afghanistan . Afghanistan is the world's top opium producer . Tajikistan shares a 1300-kilometer (800-mile) border with Afghanistan and has become a transit point for heroin being trafficked into Russia and Europe . In 2001 the Russian army and Tajik police confiscated nearly 9 tons of drugs and arrested more than 2000 people . The Russian army guards Tajikistan's border with Afghanistan . The majority of Tajikistan's heroin addicts live in cities and are aged between 18 and 25 . 75 percent of Tajikistan's population lives in rural areas, where heroin addicts are frequently ostracized . Head of a public drug clinic in Dushanbe, Tajikistan Andrei Onishchenko, stated -- . There are 5000 heroin addicts officially registered in Tajikistan, compared with 57 in 1997 . The actual figure is seven times greater than the official number . The low cost and availability of heroin are among the causes of the addiction problem . One dose of heroin costs less than a dollar in Tajikistan, which is less than the price of a bottle of the local vodka . an addict who has been using heroin for 2 years needs to use 3 grams of heroin every 24 hours . 3 grams of heroin costs 70 somonis or 30 dollars . an addict is willing to commit any crime to pay for heroin . Afghan heroin is the strongest in the world because it is made from poppies cultivated at high altitudes and therefore subjected to high doses of ultra-violet light . A person who takes a daily dose of Afghan heroin has a life expectancy of between 5 and 7 years and many commit suicide before that . The Tajik State pays 25 dirams (a few cents) per day for every person in the rehabilitation clinics . The percentage of relapses is very high due to the lack of followup treatment and unemployment among young people . Head of a Tajik government agency that fights drug trafficking Avaz yuldachev stated that heroin users are ill and need treatment . Anvar, a 14-year-old boy from Dushanbe, used heroin for three years before being hospitalized in Onishchenko's drug clinic . Anvar said -- . He sniffed a white substance he found in his backyard and was unable to stop . He stopped going to school . He stole from the local market to get money for more heroin . Drug traffickers face the death penalty under Tajik law . Tajikistan has 6.2 million inhabitants .
 European Union officials stated on April 22, 2002 that Southeast Asians would boost their trade and investment prospects by introducing stricter intellectual property rights . European Union officers and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations started negotiating how to strengthen intellectual property rights . The negotiation began with a two-day workshop in Bangkok on April 22, 2002 . The negotiation was organized under the new European Commission-ASEAN intellectual property rights cooperation program . Head of the delegation of the European Commission in Bangkok Klauspeter schmallenbach stated that the ability to comply with intellectual property rights rules would help developing nations take part in global trade . Klauspeter schmallenbach stated intellectual property rights form one of the basic pillars upon which business and investor confidence are based . Klauspeter schmallenbach also stated that the intellectual property rights for essential for any country's economic development . Klauspeter schmallenbach stated that intellectual property rights may help boost European investment in Southeast Asia to pre-crisis levels . European patents office President Ingo Kober said that it was vital that Southeast Asian Nations introduced proper legal and technical infrastructure to defend trademarks . Ingo Kober stated that intellectual property rights are currently developing in Southeast Asian nations . Ingo Kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago . Ingo Kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others . Ingo Kober also stated that one should not tell the countries that are lagging in intellectual property rights that they are lagging in intellectual property rights . Director General of Thailand's Department of intellectual property yanyong phuangranch stated that Southeast Asian nations had to work together to ensure trademarks were protected . The European Commission-ASEAN intellectual property rights cooperation program fosters trade, investment and technology transfer between the European Union and Southeast Asian nations . Klauspeter schmallenbach stated that the European Commission-ASEAN intellectual property rights cooperation program would help Southeast Asian Nations draw on European expertise in how to protect and enforce intellectual property rights in compliance with World Trade Organization rules . 50 experts in intellectual property rights attended the European Commission-ASEAN intellectual property rights cooperation program . Ingo Kober stated that the European Commission-ASEAN intellectual property rights cooperation program is further proof of the growing importance of intellectual property rights protection to world trade . Ingo Kober also stated that the European Commission-ASEAN intellectual property rights cooperation program marks the latest stage in a successful initiative to develop effective systems for protecting patents, trademarks, designs, and copyrights in the region .
 Boeing Corporation promised on April 23, 2002 to fulfill more spin-off orders for companies located in the Republic of Korea . The purpose of this promise is to allow Boeing Corporation to win a multi-billion dollar fighter jet contract . Boeing Corporation is required to supply 40 F-15 k jets to the Republic of Korea by 2009 . Boeing Corporation vice president and general manager Michael Marks stated that the Government of the Republic of Korea decided wisely by picking the F-15 k instead of the Rafale made by French firm Dassault Aviation SA . The final sale price, spin-off trade, and technology transfer conditions will be decided in a future negotiation . The Republic of Korea stated that it will argue to decrease the price from an estimated 4.4 billion dollars . Boeing Corporation has not yet satisfied a defense ministry demand that spin-off deals with other firms based in the Republic of Korea meet 70 percent of the total cost . The United States initially made a pledge of approximately 2.9 billion dollars, representing 65% of the total cost, to local contractors . Vice president of Boeing Corporation Joseph Song stated that the 70 percent offset trade level will be met . Song also stated a level of 80 percent was possible . Dassault Aviation SA is trying to overturn the selection of the F-15 k through legal action because it states the Rafale is more modern and cheaper . Boeing Vice President for communications Douglas Kennett stated disappointment by Dassault's legal action . Kennett also stated that Dassault should respect the defense ministry decision . Boeing Corporation is an aerospace company based in the United States .
 On April 23, 2002 Cambodia and Vietnam finalized an agreement to stop Asian and European drug traffickers . They will focus on the import of cheap chemical drugs made in Thailand . Deputy Secretary General of Cambodia's narcotics authority lour Ramin said Cambodian and Vietnamese officials had arrested Asian nationals and Europeans who were attempting to trade heroin through Cambodia into Vietnam . Ramin said the narcotics Authority will continue to combat and reduce illegal drug trafficking . Drug consumption among Cambodian adolescents has increased . Ecstasy and other drugs are accessible at nightclubs in the capital at a low cost . Cambodia and Vietnam agreed to share intelligence, cooperate between agents and create border liaison offices in a two-day meeting to be held later this week . Ramin stated that there is an agreement to construct cross-border liaison offices in both countries to combat current drug trafficking . The agreement includes exchanges of experience in organizing treatment and rehabilitation for drug addicts . It would also be used to combat people smuggling between Cambodia and Vietnam . Vietnamese police detained two women on suspicion of human trafficking and smuggling Vietnamese virgins to Cambodian brothels . They were less than 350 dollars each . Cambodia has for many years been used as a transit point for heroin and opium trafficking . The Government maintains it has adopted strict policies to fight the illegal trading of narcotics .
 17 May 2002 -- in a draft statement the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) agreed closer cooperation was needed to counter terrorism and transnational crime . The statement will be adopted by security ministers next week . An anonymous ASEAN senior official stated -- . The ASEAN ministers' joint statement addressed the need for closer cooperation . Proceeds from organized crime syndicates often fund terrorist activities . ASEAN has a plan to counter terrorism together . The plan will be implemented within 3 months . The meeting has been fruitful . The draft statement stated -- . ASEAN Ministers are concerned about the links between transnational crime and terrorism . The link between transnational crime and terrorism lends greater urgency to ASEAN's efforts to combat transnational crime . ASEAN senior officials agreed on the draft after 2 days of intense discussion . The draft will be submitted to ASEAN's respective ministers to discuss and adopt . From 19 May 2002 the interior ministers of the ASEAN countries will meet for 2 days in Kuala Lumpur . The work program includes an exchange of information and development of multilateral or bilateral legal arrangements to facilitate apprehension . ASEAN officials agreed to enhance cooperation and coordination in law enforcement and intelligence sharing . ASEAN officials agreed to develop regional training programs . ASEAN officials held an expert group meeting in January 2002 in Bali, Indonesia . The Expert Group Meeting in Bali produced a work program that was discussed and finalized by the ASEAN senior officials who have been meeting in Kuala Lumpur since 16 May 2002 . The Association of Southeast Asian Nations has 10 member countries .
 Myanmar proposed a ministerial meeting with Thailand and Laos to discuss effective ways to end drug trafficking . Myanmar proposed talks to be held in June 2002 or July 2002 . According to the US State Department anti-narcotics report published earlier in 2002 -- . Following the destruction of poppy fields in Afghanistan, Myanmar has become the world's largest producer of illegal opium . Myanmar is the primary source of amphetamine-type stimulants in Asia . Director of Myanmar's International Relations Department Colonel sit Aye addressed reporters at a two-day meeting of senior officials from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) . Aye announced -- . Myanmar, Thailand and Laos must cooperate to effectively end the drug trade . Myanmar does not yet have confirmation from Thailand and Laos . Myanmar has difficulty ending drug-planting activities due to lack of funds and technical expertise . The majority of poppy growing in Myanmar takes place in a remote, mountainous area along the borders of China and Thailand . ASEAN and the rest of the international community are responsible to help fight drug production and trafficking . Myanmar is optimistic that drug planting in the country would be eradicated with the introduction of alternate cash crop planting in April and tough policing . Fears that drug money is being used to finance terror groups are unfounded . ASEAN members are Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam . Myanmar, Thailand and Laos are known as the Golden Triangle countries .
 On 18 May 2002 at a UN-sponsored conference Iran and Pakistan pledged economic assistance to Afghanistan . Afghanistan neighbors Iran and Pakistan . Iran and Pakistan plan to increase private sector activity with Afghanistan . Iranian Finance and Economy Minister tahmaseb Mazaheri announced -- . Increasing Afghanistan's trade with Iran and Pakistan will reinstate Afghanistan's economy after 23 years of war . Key sectors of cooperation between Iran and Afghanistan include Oil and Petro-chemical industries, building and road construction, agricultural machinery and manufacturing . Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan must collaborate to end the illegal opium trade . Pakistani Finance and Economy Minister Shaukat Aziz announced -- . Pakistan is eager to cooperate with Afghanistan in international and regional efforts . Pakistan has taken steps to facilitate movement of people and goods between Pakistan and Afghanistan for economic reconstruction . Key sectors of cooperation between Pakistan and Afghanistan include agriculture, rural development, civil aviation, finance and banking, engineering services, judicial and legal services and the establishment of small and medium-sized firms . Pakistan will offer College places for teachers, doctors, nurses and paramedics . Pakistani trade with Afghanistan has increased since the war ended . Pakistan expects private sector activity between Iran and Afghanistan to further develop peace . Deputy head of Afghanistan's interim government and Minister of Finance Hedayat Amin-Arsala stated -- . Afghanistan expects private sector activity to aid Afghanistan's reconstruction . Afghanistan is preparing liberal economic legislation that will facilitate foreign trade and private sector activity . Afghanistan seeks political stability, economic development and a legislative and institutional base . Afghanistan plans to serve as a bridge between Central Asia and Southeast Asia and seeks help from the Economic Cooperation Organization . Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazi stated the meeting must reinforce the friendship and speed up regional cooperation between Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan . Speakers addressed opium production and trafficking in Afghanistan . Opium crops were suppressed by the later rule of the Taliban . Opium has reemerged since a US-led military alliance toppled the Taliban in December 2001 . Afghan interim government head Hamid Karzai and the international community promote a crop substitution program for farmers . Head of United Nations Development Program Mark Malloch Brown announced concerns about Afghan interim government head Hamid Karzai's ability to police the drug trade . He stated -- . Afghanistan is in a state of flux . Afghanistan has security problems . Iran and Pakistan have long fought over Afghanistan . The Taliban ruled Afghanistan from 1996-2001 . Pakistan backed the deposed Taliban . Iran funded Afghanistan's rebel Northern Alliance . The Northern Alliance played a major roll in unseating the Taliban . Together Iran and Pakistan have hosted more than 3 million Afghan refugees during years of civil war . Afghan refugees are now starting to return to Afghanistan after civil war . Deputy head of Afghanistan interim government Hedayat Amin-Arsala visited Tehran for the first time . Members of the Economic Cooperation Organization include the Central Asian countries and Turkey .
 On 22 May 2002 officials stated that Taiwan National Chen Chi Tien was executed by firing squad in Vietnam's 8th execution of a foreigner . Chen was sentenced to death in 1997 for the illegal manufacture of methamphetamines disguised as a soap manufacturing plant . Court officials in the commercial capital stated that Chen was executed in Ho Chi Minh City on 21 May 2002 . The businessman was arrested with several Vietnamese accomplices in 1995 after 170 kilograms (375 pounds) of methamphethamine chlorohydrate were found stored in the downtown soap factory Chen had established in 1994 . Police established that Chen had already exported at least 4 shipments of the drug before his illegal manufacturing operation was discovered . Chen traveled to Vietnam regularly since 1992 . The crystalline amphetamine derivative is Smokable and has a very large illegal market in East Asia . The drug is also known as ice or shabu . Vietnam has executed 1 Western national to date . The Western national executed was a Vietnamese-Canadian woman whose execution in 2000 caused a diplomatic controversy with Canada . The other foreigners executed were Asians . 1 Hong Kong National was executed in 1995 and 2 in 1998 . Lao nationals were executed in 1999 and 2000 . A Singaporean was executed in 1999 . More foreign nationals receive the death penalty from the courts but most have their sentences commuted on appeal . 3 Australian nationals of Vietnamese origin are currently awaiting trial on drug charges which carry the death penalty . Vietnam's communist authorities impose the death penalty for a total of 29 different offenses including murder, treason, sexual offenses against children, serious cases of armed robbery, various economic crimes and drug trafficking . Drug trafficking resulted in 55 death sentences in 2001, 85 in 2000 and 76 in 1999 . Under Vietnam's strict drug laws anyone found in possession of 300 grams (10 ounces) or more of heroin or 10 kilograms (22 pounds) or more of opium is considered guilty of trafficking .
 Junta spokesman Colonel Hla Min stated that Myanmar became poor because of their trying to be so clean . Min took pictures of millions of dollars worth of poppy seeds, refined drugs and precursor chemicals curling up in smoke . AFP, members of international and local press, and United Nations representatives and diplomats witnessed Myanmar destroy illicit drugs the authorities captured . Min said Myanmar would be one of the richest countries in the region if they were as corrupt as outsiders claimed . Hla Min stated that illicit drugs worth some 50 billion dollars have been destroyed by authorities since 1974 . Min said it was enough to pay Myanmar's national debt ten times over . Drug-burning ceremonies are regular events in Myanmar . Critics argue that it does not reflect the massive drug industry in the country . Resident Representative of the UN's Drug Control Program (UNDCP) Jean-Luc Lemahieu said this one is different . Almost 102 tons of poppy seeds were burnt in the capital of Myanmar's northern Shan state at this ceremony . The ceremony also included 249 kilograms of opium, 102 kilograms of morphine powder, three kilograms of solid morphine and various precursor chemicals . Lemahieu said that this ceremony had less processed opium and heroin than opium seeds . It made it more symbolic and indicated the willingness of those directly involved to eliminate the opium . The destruction forms part of the Central Committee for Drug Abuse Control's project new destiny . It aims to prevent poppy cultivation by distributing seeds for substitution crops . Farmers have been asked to grow seven kinds of alternative crops across 21,969 acres (8,891 hectares) of land instead of opium . Global narcotics authorities declared Myanmar the world's largest producer of opium in 2001 . They accounted for as much as 60 percent of global supply . Myanmar beat Afghanistan because the Taliban militia's enforced ban on opium poppies decreased Afghan production by 90 percent . Critics said the Myanmar regime overlooks much of the production and trafficking in drugs by ethnic insurgent groups . In particular the largest armed drug militia in the world the United Wa State Army . Myanmar's Home Minister Colonel Tin Hlaing said the success of project new destiny is evidenced by the tons of poppy seeds that have been turned in rather than seized . Hlaing stated his confidence in the drug scourge that threatens the world will not find a place in Myanmar if the local population is committed to this sort of cooperation . Lauk Kai is one of the regime's showpieces for its previous crop substitution programs . It has expanses of rubber trees, fruit orchards and paddy where poppies used to thrive . The poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin . Lauk Kai is located in the infamous Golden Triangle . Reformed drug lord and leader of the Kokang phone Kyar Shin pledged commitment to the government program . The Kokang comprise the majority of the population in Myanmar . Phone Kyar Shin predicts that starting today there will be no destruction ceremony in the future because no more poppy will be grown . Phone Kyar Shin said this at another ceremony that destroyed more than 12 tons of poppy seed . Phone Kyar Shin appealed for help from the international community . The international community is reluctant to give help . Phone Kyar Shin requested the distinguished guests to understand Myanmar's situation more and give practical advice and support . UNDCP's Lemahieu when asked by AFP what impact project New Destiny had on the international community hoped it would have a positive impact and that some additional funds would come forward . Lemahieu said so much depends on the political situation in this country . There is hope for further political change following the May 6 release of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from 19 months house arrest . The regime seeks the United States approval for the project . Its global announcement comes via the regime's newly-appointed public relations firm in Washington . The US charge d'affaires Priscilla Clapp said maybe because it has to be a multi-faceted, sustained effort for it to work and that there should be measurable results .
 The Russian branch of Greenpeace distributed a report at a press conference of Russia's atomic energy ministry . The ministry conceded that the Russo-Iranian accord on the plant's construction does not require the repatriation of the nuclear fuel . The report stated that the recycling of nuclear fuel from Bushehr is not mentioned in the accord between the Russian and Iranian governments on the construction of the plant . Greenpeace member Vladimir Chuprov said the ministry had practically admitted that Iran will not return to Russia the spent nuclear fuel from the power station and Russia's only use for Iran is to equip itself with nuclear weapons . The atomic energy ministry confirmed the report's existence and strongly denied Greenpeace's accusations . Ministry spokesman Nikolai Shingarev told AFP that Russia would only supply nuclear fuel to Iran on condition that it be returned to Russia after its use . Shingarev said Russia is currently in negotiations with Iran . This issue will be settled before the power station comes into operation . Shingarev said the accord on Bushehr was signed before Russia passed a law permitting the import of nuclear waste last year . This explains why the accord makes no mention of the return of the fuel . Shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel . The United States and Israel fear that the Russian-Iranian nuclear cooperation could enable Tehran to acquire the technology needed to build nuclear weapons . Russia dismisses this accusation . Iran ordered the power station in 1994 at a cost of nearly 800 million dollars (860 million euros) from Russia . Iran has said the plant is being built only for civilian energy purposes and allows regular inspections of Bushehr by the International Atomic Energy Agency . Experts say Bushehr could in theory become operational as early as September 2003 . Currently it is equipped with a single reactor . German group Siemens pulled out of the long-standing project at the request of the German government after Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution . US President George W. Bush raised the US's concerns about Russian nuclear cooperation with Iran at the summit in Moscow last month between Bush and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin .
 The China News Service reported that on 25 June 2002 14 people were sentenced to death in Chengdu, China and that 9 of those sentenced were immediately taken to the execution grounds and shot . The China News Service report stated that in recent years in Chengdu the number of drug crimes has increased . The report stated that the drug situation in Chengdu is becoming serious as drug criminals are establishing connections with criminals outside the province . Chengdu is the capital of the southwest Sichuan Province . At least 36 more drug criminals have been reported executed in China in the past week to mark World Anti-drugs day . In total China executed at least 50 drug criminals as part of the observance . Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri adopted a strict position calling for the death sentence for drug traffickers . Megawati stated -- . Life sentences and other prison sentences are no longer sufficient for those who distribute drugs . No sentence is sufficient other than the death sentence . The military junta of Myanmar burned narcotics it said were worth more than 1 billion U.S. dollars in its latest attempt to convince critics it is committed to eradicating their drug problem . The junta accompanied by military pageant ignited an incinerator into which workers shoveled bags of heroin bricks and amphetamines . Myanmar's top ruler Senior General Than Shwe and international diplomats attended the burning ceremony in Yangon . 3027 kilograms (6650 pounds) of opium, 240 kilograms of heroin, 434 kilograms of marijuana, 34.9 million amphetamine tablets, 4 million ephedrine tablets and 2865 kilograms of powdered ephedrine were burned . Myanmar anti-drugs official Brigadier-General Zaw Win stated in a speech before the burning that the Myanmar government is aware of the serious threat that drugs pose and considers it a national duty to do all it can to eradicate the problem . U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency officials helped conduct spot checks to verify the destruction . Myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest U.S. State Department anti-narcotics report . Myanmar is also the primary source of amphetamine-type stimulants in Asia . Critics claim narcotics trade finances Myanmar's military government but the Government states it is doing all it can to restrict drug trade and wants more international help to do so . In Thailand Princess ubolratana presided over the burning of more than 870 tons of seized drugs . Health Minister Sudarat Keyuraphan reported to Princess ubolratana that the event was meant to demonstrate the Government's strong determination to eradicate the drug problem . In Kabul on 25 June 2002 the Head of the United Nations Drug Control Program (UNDCP) Bernard Frahi stated -- . War-torn Afghanistan continues to be the top supplier of heroin to Europe and the producer of almost all the opiates consumed in Central Asia . Afghanistan is the source of approximately 70 to 90 per cent of the heroin found in European markets . No country is immune from the issue of drug-abuse . Newly-elected president of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai has vowed to eradicate poppy cultivation from Afghanistan . In Cambodia several hundred people marched through the capital Phnom Penh to appeal for an end to growing drug use . United Nations Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention official Bengt juhlin stated that people are uniting this day to demonstrate to the world a commitment to fighting drug abuse . Juhlin stated that Cambodia's past reputation as 1 of the few Southeast Asian countries without a drug problem is no longer accurate as drug abuse in the country is rapidly increasing .
 On 29 June 2009 Indian government test-fired the multiple-role Russian-made rocket system known as Smerch from a missile testing range in the eastern state of Orissa . Officials said a contingent of Russian military experts was also at the site of the launch . One Ministry official stated the smart rocket has a maximum range of 90 kilometers (56 miles) and is capable of striking targets in the air or on land . Indian government has developed an array of guided and ballistic missiles and is reportedly experimenting with a maritime cruise missile that can carry nuclear warheads . Indian Defense Secretary Yogendra Narain stated -- . There is a missile threat to India . Indian government is giving top priority to a system for missile defense . Indian government is simultaneously upgrading land and air surveillance systems . Indian Defense Ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent . There has been a sharp increase in Indian Defense Ministry's purchases of military hardware including night vision devices, unmanned aerial vehicles and other anti-terrorism devices . Narain also stated the Indian Defense Ministry has sought government approval to allow the Ministry to carry forward unutilized military budgetary allocations from 1 fiscal year to another . Narain stated that carrying forward the military budget was a long-standing convention in France and Italy . The defense ministry has been criticized for not utilizing funds made available every year for acquisitions of latest equipment including the missile defense shield . The Hindu newspaper stated Indian government had already acquired an early warning system to counter the threat of a missile attack by Pakistani government . Narain stated on 28 June 2002 that Indian government had already acquired Israeli Green Pine radars that are capable of simultaneously track several in-flight missiles . The Hindustan Times daily reported that India had petitioned Israeli Government to allow the Government of New Delhi to either buy or borrow the Israeli government's new Ofek-5 spy satellite and acquire Israel's Arrow anti-missile systems . The Times reported that Israeli government rejected both requests and that Israeli government stated the Ofek-5 could not be moved from the satellite's Iran-Syria-Iraq trajectory and the Arrow was still being developed . The Times also reported that Israeli defense ministry's director general Amos Yaron visited New Delhi twice last month in response to the Indian Defense Ministry's requests . Narain did not reveal names of countries India is negotiating with to acquire the missile shield . On 28 June 2002 Narain stated that New Delhi was discussing the issue with the United States . Indian government's attempts to upgrade systems to counter missile attacks occurs as Indian and Pakistani governments have placed about 1 million troops on India-Pakistan borders since December 2001 . In May 2001 Pakistan test-fired 3 missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads . Since independence from British rule in 1947 Indian and Pakistani governments have fought 2 of 3 wars over Kashmir . Indian and Pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999 . Indian and Pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in May 1998 .
 The Malaysian Government proposes the expansion of an anti-terrorism pact with Indonesia and the Philippines to encompass the remainder of Southeast Asia . Malaysian Foreign Minister Syed Hamid Albar stated that other members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) will be encouraged to accede to the pact at talks next week with ASEAN foreign ministers in Brunei . Syed Hamid stated that Thailand, Laos and Singapore had expressed interest in joining the pact . Malaysian defense analyst dzirhan mahadzir stated -- . Cooperation by poorer countries may be stymied by financial constraints and a perception that terrorism does not directly affect these countries . An ASEAN pact is beneficial in the long-term but will be difficult to implement because national security issues and interstate rivalry may make some of ASEAN's 10 members wary to divulge information . ASEAN must agree on a definition of terrorism to identify the common enemy . 20020500 senior ASEAN members Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines signed an anti-terror security pact intended to initiate the eradication of terrorism from the region . The 3 countries share sea borders frequently used by pirates and criminals in evading pursuing troops . The pact includes plans to trace and freeze terror funds and exchange information to curb cross-border piracy, drug trafficking, illegal entry and illegal trafficking of women and children . Syed Hamid stated that after 20010911 countries should exchange information that may affect transnational crime such as funds of terrorists that may be kept in other countries or third party information to combat the greater threat of international terrorism . Mushahid Ali of the Singapore-based Institute of Defense and Strategic Studies stated -- . The trilateral pact between Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines constituted a constructive first step . Indonesia and other ASEAN members must more proactively monitor terrorist activities and establish a concrete mechanism among national agencies for the protracted conflict . 20020500 ASEAN security ministers at a meeting in Kuala Lumpur failed to agree on a definition of terrorism but agreed to increase cooperation among State enforcement agencies and endorsed the use of detention without trial for suspected militants in Malaysia and Singapore . Objections were raised concerning Malaysia's proposal to include State terrorism in the definition . Dzirhan stated -- . The agreement among Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines may have been aimed at ingratiating the countries to the US rather than combating terrorism . Since the pact was signed no progress has occurred . The creation of a formalized security structure in combating terror will be decelerated by the ASEAN's model of acting on consensus . Officials stated that after the meeting in Brunei 20020728-20020801 ASEAN and its major western trading partners are expected to demand freezing of terror funds and stronger counter-terrorism cooperation . Dozens of suspected terrorists allegedly linked to al-Qaeda in Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippines have revealed the existence of a regional Islamic militant group called the Jemaah Islamiyah, which also operates in Indonesia . Southeast Asia is now suspected as a potential new haven for al-Qaeda operatives escaping US and allied attacks in Afghanistan and elsewhere .
 On 021015 officials stated that all Vietnam-based websites will require a license to operate in Vietnam in new Vietnamese government efforts to control the dissemination of reactionary or pornographic material online . Do Quy Doan stated to Agence France-Presse that the newly-imposed website licensing rule seeks to prevent harmful information from threatening Vietnamese culture and national security . Do Quy Doan is a spokesman for the Vietnamese Ministry of Culture and Information . Do Quy Doan stated that the Vietnamese Ministry of Culture and Information will take 30 days to license eligible websites that do not include pornographic material, information that harms the national security or encourages violence and anti-government activities . Diplomatic, foreign and press institutions must obtain permission from the Vietnamese Foreign Affairs Ministry before applying for licenses permitting them to distribute content online in Vietnam . Do Quy Doan stated that any Vietnam-based website must clearly display the website licensing number and date on its homepage . Writers and intellectuals in Vietnam have increasingly employed the Internet to distribute news or opinion banned from the tightly-controlled Vietnamese state press . The number of Internet users in Vietnam is rapidly increasing and could reach 5 percent of its 79 million residents by 050000 . As of 020600 there were only 175000 registered Internet users in Vietnam . Registered Internet users in Vietnam increased by 30 percent from 010000 to 020600 . Most Vietnamese gain Internet access via the Vietnam's 4,000-plus Internet cafes . It is estimated that the number of people with online access in Vietnam may be as many as 1 million .
 On 18 October 2002 International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) director Mohamed ElBaradei stated it is unlikely that Iraq could conceal a nuclear weapons program if it allowed international inspectors to return . ElBaradei stated that once inspectors were working in Iraq their presence alone would be a deterrent to developing nuclear weapons . ElBaradei stated to reporters at his headquarters in Vienna -- . It is difficult to conceal a nuclear program if thorough inspections are performed because nuclear products always have a signature . Traces are always visible if highly enriched uranium or plutonium were used . ElBaradei stated that inspectors would perform environmental sampling, gamma radiation surveys from helicopters, internal periodic visits to all capable sites and interviews with all former nuclear scientists to confirm that they are not working in the nuclear program . ElBaradei stated that the IAEA could not give a 100 percent guarantee but that the presence of inspectors would be a good deterrent and a good mechanism for detection . ElBaradei stated -- . It is necessary to control imports to Iraq because of the risk that Iraq is receiving nuclear material from outside the country . There must be physical protection of all nuclear material particularly in the former Soviet Union . There must be strong unanimous support by the UN Security Council to force Iraq to comply with IAEA inspection . The IAEA must be given as much intelligence information as possible to guide inspectors to anything that should be inspected or to any item hidden from inspectors . The Security Council has been meeting in open session to discuss the Iraq issue before the vote on conditions under which UN weapons inspectors will return to Baghdad to verify Iraqi assertions that it does not possess nuclear, chemical or biological weapons . UN weapons inspectors departed Baghdad in 1998 .
 Bangladesh's main opposition leader Sheikh Hasina Wajed said 021102 that an army crackdown on crime was turning into a political witchhunt and targeting her Awami League party . Troops were ordered into the streets more than 2 weeks ago to eliminate rampant crime but human rights groups claim fundamental rights are being trampled . Newspapers and rights groups put the toll of those who have died in police and military custody at 16 . Officials say more than 3400 people have been taken into custody since the crackdown began 021017 . The government has confirmed the deaths of 12 people due to heart attacks . Relatives allege some suspects have been tortured in custody . The US government and London-based Amnesty International have also expressed concern about the custodial deaths . Amnesty urged a prompt and fair investigation by an independent body into the deaths . Sheikh Hasina told reporters at the airport on her return from a private trip to the United States and Europe that initially it appeared to be a neutral anti-crime drive and the opposition Awami League party welcomed it . Hasina said the crackdown is gradually turning into one to eliminate the Opposition . Hasina wants the military to arrest real criminals and not violate Bangladesh's constitution and human rights because of concern about such violations in the name of anti-crime drive . Sheikh Hasina said the military has to operate within the laws of the land as no one is above the law . Police said the army hadon 021101 arrested former state minister and Awami League lawmaker talukder Abdul khaleque in southwestern Khulna city soon after he spoke at a news conference against the deployment . The Daily Star newspaper reported that an imam and a local leader of fundamentalist group Jamaat-e-Islami were also arrested on 021101 in Khulna . Former minister and Awami League lawmaker Sheikh Fazlul Karim Selim and Sheikh Hasina's Political Secretary ex-minister Saber Hossain Chowdhury were arrested 021000 along with independent MP Hemayet Ullah aurango . Selim, Chowdhury and aurango are being detained under the strict 740000 Special Powers Act allowing detention for 120 days without charge . Sheikh Hasina questioned how 3 of the Awami League party's ex-ministers could be terrorists . Hasina was apparently unaware of the claims of the arrest of the Jamaat leader when adding that it is an open secret that the Jamaat-e-Islami and the Jamaat-e-Islami student wing have weapons and wondering why none of the Jamaat-e-Islami has been arrested so far . Hasina said the Awami League party would raise the issue when parliament reconvenes 021114 . Bangladesh's Prime Minister Khaleda Zia's Islamist-allied government includes 2 cabinet ministers from the Jamaat . Zia's administration denies the drive is politically biased and stresses that activists from ruling Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) have also been detained . A young BNP activist died 021101 in a hospital after being interrogated by the army . Police said the activist was wanted in a number of cases .
 Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Secretary General Abdel Rahman al-Attiya held talks on 021104 . Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Yakovenko said afterward that not a single Arab country supports rebels in Chechnya . Yakovenko said the Russian Government finds it inadmissible to link individual States or religions with terrorism or extremism and is grateful to those Arab states which are trying to cooperate with Russian law enforcement agencies to cut channels for funding terrorist organizations . The Russian government has consistently sought to portray its campaign against a separatist insurgency in Chechnya as part of the global war on terrorism and says that rebel groups are receiving backing from the terrorist Al-Qaeda network and from shadowy Islamic radical groups based in countries such as Saudi Arabia . A senior Kremlin official said last week that the Russian Government might ask the GCC State Qatar to extradite Zelimkhan Yandarbiyev . Yandarbiyev is a former Chechen Vice-President and aide to rebel president Aslan Maskhadov . The Russian government accuses Yandarbiyev of involvement in the 041000 hostage-taking in a Moscow theater . Russian government spokesman Sergei Yastrzhembsky said Qatar's response would demonstrate the extent of that country's willingness to cooperate in the fight against international terrorism . Yakovenko said that stronger ties between Russia and the GCC States could play a special role in combating international terrorism . Ivanov said al-Attiya's visit will contribute to increased cooperation between the Russian government and the six Arab monarchies of the Gulf region . Ivanov said the Russian government wanted to strengthen its ties with the Gulf countries and that these ties have begun to strengthen recently . Ivanovalso said the Russian government would like to develop them further and particularly in areas of mutual interest . The Russian government has traditionally been close to the Arab side in the Middle East conflict and has spoken strongly against US armed intervention against Iraq in the stand-off over disarmament . Yakovenko said that Al-Attiya's talks with Russian government officials 021104 and 021105 were likely to focus on oil issues and noted that both the Russian government and the Gulf countries are interested in stable world prices . Yakovenko said the main emphasis of the talks will be on Russia's possible involvement in the implementation of regional projects run by the Council and said that there will be particular emphasis on finding peaceful, political and diplomatic ways to settle the Iraqi issue . Al-Attiya also plans to hold talks with economic ministers and senior officials such as the head of the Chamber of Commerce Yevgeny Primakov and the Chairman of the Russian employers' association Arkady Volsky .
 On 021110 the ITAR-TASS news agency stated that Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov are to travel to Paris on 021112 to meet the French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin and Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie . The Itar-Tass news agency citing Defense Ministry sources stated that the 4 ministers will hold the first meeting of the Franco-Russian Cooperation Council on defense issues on 021115 . The Itar-Tass news agency citing Defense Ministry sources stated that in the Franco-Russian Cooperation Council meeting that much attention will be paid to the international fight against terrorism and that the Russian ministers are planning to brief the French ministers on the situation in the breakaway republic of Chechnya and on the border with neighboring Georgia . The Itar-Tass news agency stated that the Russian ministers also plan to discuss nuclear non-proliferation issues and will confirm that the Russian government has not breached any international agreements in Russia's cooperation with Iran and North Korea in the areas of nuclear technology and the sale of weapons . The Russian and French ministers also plan to discuss the the risks of the militarization of space following the withdrawal by the United States from the 720000 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty . The Russian and French ministers are also expected to meet with French President Jacques Chirac to discuss the work of the Franco-Russian Cooperation Council . French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin is expected to receive the Russian Prime Minister Mikhail kassyanov on 021118 in Toulouse during the 8th Franco-Russian Intergovernmental Seminar . It is expected that the 8th Franco-Russian Intergovernmental seminar will be attended by many ministers from both France and Russia .
 Tanzanian Vice President Ali Mohamed Sheni said on November 12, 2002 that Africa needs its own health forum to create research priorities to effectively combat disease on the continent . Sheni stated that Africa will find it difficult to influence global research priorities in its favor without a forum . The continent lacks resources . Sheni attended a four-day meeting to discuss global health at Arusha in northern Tanzania . Sheni addressed more than 700 public health specialists from 100 countries . Sheni told delegates at the Global Forum for Health Research's annual meeting that less than 10 percent of the global health research budget of 70 billion dollars went to Africa . Africa has 90 percent of the global diseases . Sheni said the formation of the Asian and Pacific Health Research Forum and the Latin American Health Research Forum are steps in the right direction . Global Forum for Health Research Chairman Richard Feachem said it was unfair for poor countries to be allocated meager sums of research funding . Feachem said the majority of the poor are getting little health research funding compared to the wealthy few . The Global Forum for Health Research is an independent, international foundation funded by the Rockefeller Foundation, the World Health Organization, the World Bank and the Governments of Canada, Denmark, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland .
 A U.S. study released on 03 December 2002 states that one-tenth of the Internet's sites may be blocked by Chinese authorities as part of efforts to prevent access to information on dissidents, Taiwan, Tibet and other subjects . The study was conducted by Harvard University's berkman Center for Internet and society . The study found that more than 50000 of the approximately 200000 websites tested were inaccessible from at least 1 point in China on at least 1 occasion . Using a more narrow definition of blocked site the study concluded that 18931 websites were being blocked to Chinese web users . Harvard researcher and co-author of the report Ben Edelman stated that it is likely that similar percentages apply to the Internet as a whole . Edelman told AFP that it is highly likely that approximately one-tenth of the Internet is filtered by or recently has been filtered by China . Edelman stated that there are many different ways to measure this effect and therefore hesitated to specify any single proportion . The latest study was broader than prior surveys and gives perspective to disparate reports about websites that are filtered or blocked by China . In the report it is concluded that -- . China blocks a range of web content beyond that which is sexually explicit . 1000s of sites providing information about news, health, education, and entertainment were blocked . Approximately 3284 sites from Taiwan were blocked . The blocked sites also included those of U.S. news organizations including ABC News and CBS News, the Alta Vista search engine, and a number of U.S. universities . The researchers found that 100 percent of the top 10 sites with keywords Tibet, Taiwan China, or equality were blocked . A large number of other sites with keywords such as freedom, democracy and HIV were also blocked . The BBC news site was consistently unavailable . Sites for CNN, Time magazine, U.S.-based public broadcasting system, the Miami Herald, and the Philadelphia Inquirer were also often blocked . The report found that 42 of google's top 100 results for news were blocked . Religious sites blocked in China included the Asian American Baptist Church, The atheist network, the Catholic Civil Rights League, Feng Shui, the Jewish Federation of Winnipeg, and the Denver Zen center . China has an estimated 45 million Internet users . China has been widely criticized in the West for blocking websites and for imprisoning people for viewing banned sites or using the Internet for anti-government activities . The Chinese government is believed to routinely block a large number of foreign-based sites primarily those featuring dissident views or banned groups such as the Falungong spiritual organization but also certain foreign news sites and pages showing pornography . A recent report by the U.S.-based Rand Corporation think tank found that the Chinese government now uses more technology to filter out objectionable content rather than relying solely on surveillance of users and seizure of equipment as it did in the past . The rand report released earlier in 2002 found that Chinese authorities now appear to have more effective technology for filtering out undesirable content .
 A laboratory chief from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on December 10, 2002 that the UN's nuclear agency could detect infinitesimal amounts of radiation from weapons programs if they exist in samples from Iraq . David Donohue spoke at the IAEA laboratory in Seibersdorf on the southwest outskirts of Vienna . Donohue said the equipment can detect particles down to the picogram (a millionth of a millionth of a gram) . The first samples from Iraq are due to arrive to the laboratory this week . IAEA and other UN inspectors have been taking soil, water and air samples since November 27, 2001 at Iraqi sites suspected of being used for programs to make weapons of mass destruction . Donohue said samples will be sent for corroboration to labs in France, the US, the UK (Britain), Japan and Russia if IAEA finds any traces of radiation from enriched uranium or plutonium, or any chemical and biological agents . Donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail . A trail will be left even if it's only ultra-traces . The IAEA is the UN agency charged with monitoring nuclear activity . The UN Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) tests for chemical, biological and ballistic missile programs . UNMOVIC is based in New York .
 20021222 South Korea urged North Korea to return the Yongbyon nuclear reactor to UN surveillance in order to deescalate the nuclear crisis on the Korean Peninsula . 20021221 the UN International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) stated that North Korea had disabled IAEA surveillance devices by breaking seals on IAEA equipment and blocking surveillance cameras at the country's 5 megawatt nuclear reactor . 20021221 IAEA Director General General Mohammed ElBaradei expressed regret over North Korea's actions . A South Korean Foreign Ministry official stated -- . The development is regrettable and will increase tension over North Korea's nuclear weapons program . Japan and the United States should act jointly with South Korea . The IAEA stated that ElBaradei warned the government of North Korea not to take further action that would prevent the IAEA from monitoring compliance with the 1994 accord with the United States shutting down the reactor . 20041212 North Korea stated that the country's plutonium-producing nuclear program would recommence in order to produce energy due to a global embargo on oil shipments . In 1994 the reactor was frozen under an accord in exchange for 500000 tons of fuel oil annually from the United States . The accord additionally formed a consortium to build 2 light-water reactors . International experts stated that the Yongbyon reactor was used to produce weapons-grade plutonium . After the 1994 closing approximately 8000 spent fuel rods from the reactor were sealed in metal casings in cooling ponds . 20041000 the United States revealed that North Korea had admitted to implementing a nuclear program based on enriched uranium, a material for nuclear weapons .
 A source close to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said late on 021223 the North had started stripping the UN nuclear regulation group's seals and monitoring equipment from the laboratory at Yongbyon . The lab is suspected of having reprocessed fuel rods for weapons-grade plutonium before its activities were frozen under a 940000 arms control deal with the United Sates . The source is fully informed of IAEA activities in North Korea and said the North Koreans are cutting the seals of the nuclear fuel reprocessing laboratory and could complete it possibly by 021224 . The move followed similar actions 021221-021222 at the Yongbyon nuclear facility during which the North Korean government took control of 1000s of spent fuel rods that could be used to make nuclear weapons . The nuclear crisis dominated the first meeting between South Korean President Kim Dae-Jung and President-elect Roh Moo-hyun earlier 021223 . Kim and Roh were meeting for the first time since Roh's election last week and the meeting was supposed to focus on smoothing over the 030225 transfer of power between the outgoing and incoming leaders . The 90-minute talks instead centered on the North Korean government's latest standoff with the international community . President Kim's spokeswoman Park Sun-sook said that Kim and Roh's discussion was pinned down on international relations which focused on North Korea's nuclear issue . The South Korean government's frustration with the North Korean government was evident in a foreign ministry statement which urged the North Korean government to restore the seals and disabled monitoring cameras on the rods . The statement said that the North Korean government took further actions to unfreeze its nuclear activities despite repeated warnings from the South Korean government and the international community and was raising regional tension and amplifying international concerns over nuclear proliferation . The United States responded to that development with swift condemnation . US State Department spokesman Louis Fintor said the over 8000 spent fuel rods are of particular concern because they can be reprocessed to recover plutonium for nuclear weapons . US Senator Richard Lugar said the North Korean government was creating a very dangerous situation, initially for South Korea and for Japan but ultimately for the United States . Lugar will head the Senate's Foreign Relations Committee in 030000 . The United States has been stepping up international pressure on the North Korean government since 021222 . Deputy US Ambassador Evans Revere met South Korean Deputy Foreign Minister Lee Tai-sik in Seoul on 021223 to discuss countermeasures to be taken against the North Korean government following the US and South Korean foreign ministers' urgent talks over the phone . Japanese Foreign Minister Yoriko Kawaguchi also expressed the widespread international alarm about the North Korean government's regrettable latest move . Analysts have said North Koreans could extract some 25 kilograms (55 pounds) of weapons-grade plutonium for at least 3 nuclear weapons from the irradiated rods . The North Korean government said it unfroze its nuclear facilities because it was in a desperate energy crisis aggravated by the suspension of fuel oil shipments . The US government said the spent plutonium has nothing to do with power generation . The United States and North Korea came close to war over the North Korean government's plutonium program in the early 1990s . The confrontation was defused when the US and North Korean Governments signed the 940000 agreed framework . That accord has been undermined since the North Korean government admitted in 021000 to running a new, secret and separate program based on enriched uranium . The US government cut its fuel aid to the North Korea in retaliation .
 North Korea was criticized on December 26, 2002 for moving to restart its long-dormant nuclear program . The UN atomic agency said such moves were tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship . South Korean President Kim Dae Jung told officials that North Korea's shifting of unspent fuel rods into a building housing a reactor capable of producing weapons-grade plutonium aggravated an already-tense situation . Kim Dae Jung and officials assembled at an urgent national security meeting . Kim Dae Jung said that North Korea moved to restart frozen nuclear facilities despite the international community's efforts for a peaceful resolution of the nuclear issue . This further aggravated the situation . Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive . Plutonium could be extracted for making nuclear warheads within months . The United States dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail . There was strong criticism from the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) . Beginning last week IAEA saw its monitoring equipment disabled and seals removed from the nuclear facilities that had been dormant since a 1994 accord with the United States . IAEA director Mohamed ElBaradei dismissed claims by North Korea's government that it was only acting in the wake of an energy crisis in North Korea . ElBaradei said that the reprocessing facility at Yongbyong is irrelevant to North Korea's ability to produce electricity . North Korea has no current legitimate peaceful use for plutonium given the status of its nuclear fuel cycle . ElBaradei said restarting North Korea's nuclear facilities without appropriate safeguards and towards producing plutonium raises serious non-proliferation concerns is tantamount to nuclear brinkmanship . The move of 1,000 unspent rods into the reactor building is the latest action taken by the energy-starved North since the apparent collapse of a 1994 accord that froze its nuclear capacity . The move is confirmed by both the UN agency and the South Korean Foreign Ministry . The facility has the capacity for 8,000 rods . All have been stored in a cooling pond at Yongbyon since the United States offered North Korea annual supplies of heavy fuel oil and two new light water nuclear reactors in return for Pyongyang's agreement to freeze its nuclear operations at Yongbyon . The eight-year-old deal has fallen apart following US revelations in October 2002 that North Korea had admitted to running a separate nuclear program based on enriched uranium technology in violation of the accord . North Korea is bankrupt and on the brink of economic collapse . It has been pushing for negotiations with the United States . Experts say North Korea needs aid and security guarantees from the United States to ensure its survival . Throughout the nuclear dispute North Korea has said it is ready to sit down and talk with the United States and even to refreeze its Yongbyon program . President Kim has been pushing the United States to accept the offer under Kim's sunshine policy of engagement with the North . President Kim has criticized the United States for previously sidelining South Korea in handling North Korea and said South Korea should take a leading role . Kim was critical of the US handling of the stand-off when eight years ago the United States and North Korea drew back from the brink of war over Pyongyang's plutonium program . The President has complained that South Korea was sidelined during the entire dispute and ended up paying a multi-billion dollar bill for the light-water reactors . Kim's chief security adviser Yim Sung-joon said the President instructed that North Korea should take lead because the North Korean nuclear issue is important to the Korean peninsula . This was said in a statement after December 26, 2002's meeting . The United States said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations . The US pledged not to reward bad behavior . Experts have joined the IAEA in dismissing the idea that North Korea was relaunching the reactor for energy purposes . Director General for International institutions at the ministry in Seoul Chun Young-Woo said it would produce at its peak enough for one large office building which is a negligible amount .
 Experts stated that 8000 spent fuel rods reportedly stockpiled by North Korea at a nuclear reactor the country is threatening to re-start could be used to produce plutonium for nuclear weapons . Experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months . The IAEA stated that North Korea additionally moved 1000 fresh rods into the nuclear reactor as well . The reactor could produce enough spent rods to construct 1 atomic bomb per year if reactivated . The experimental nuclear plant in Yongbyon is a miniature of electricity-producing nuclear plants in Western countries but operates on the same principles . The Yongbyon plant produces 5 megawatts . Plants in France produce 1300 megawatts . The Yongbyon plant is 100 km north of the North Korean capital Pyongyang . Nuclear reactor process -- . 4 meter fuel rods containing uranium oxide are burned to initiate fission -- the nucleus of the uranium atom is split, releasing neutrons that collide with other atoms, creating more neutrons in a chain reaction . Fission produces immense heat which is applied to water to create steam which drives turbines to generate electricity . Plutonium and other radioactive byproducts of the process accumulate and decrease the effectiveness of the rods until they are spent after 3-4 years . Spent rods consisting of highly radioactive plutonium and residual uranium are cooled in pools of water for several years to diminish radioactivity and then the plutonium is then recovered in nitrate form and converted into oxide . The recovered plutonium can be mixed with uranium for reuse in the reactor or used in making nuclear weapons . Nuclear experts stated that to make weapons, a high proportion of plutonium 239 (military grade plutonium, as opposed to the commercial plutonium used in power plants) must be extracted .
 A UK Foreign Office spokeswoman said Thursday that the UK government is deeply concerned about the latest revelations in a warning by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) concerning North Korea's possible nuclear intentions . The comments came after the IAEA accused the North Korean government of nuclear brinkmanship and said the North Korean government had begun work to reactivate the Yongbyon reactor in breach of a 940000 agreement with the United States Government . The UK Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said the UK government is in regular contact with international partners about the implications of the latest developments and is committed to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction wherever it may occur . The spokeswoman added that the North Korean government must comply with international obligations and eliminate nuclear weapons . The IAEA has said the North Korean government had no current legitimate peaceful use for plutonium that could be produced at the newly reopened Yongbyon site that is capable of producing weapons-grade plutonium . The IAEA said the North Koreans had moved 1000 fresh fuel rods into the Yongbyon reactor building . Of more concern are the 8000 spent fuel rods at the facility they started unsealing 021215-021221 and the dismantling of IAEA monitoring equipment at the site . Experts say the spent rods could be used to build 3-6 atomic bombs within 6-8 months . The United States Government offered supplies of fuel oil and 2 new light water nuclear reactors in return for the North Korean government's agreement to freeze nuclear operations under the 940000 agreed framework shutting down Yongbyon . The agreement fell apart following US government revelations in 021000 that the North Korean government had admitted to a separate nuclear program based on enriched uranium technology . The US government suspended oil shipments to North Korea as punishment . The North Korean government in turn claimed to be in desperate need of power generation after the oil supplies were cut and began during 021215-021221 to unseal the spent fuel rods at the facility and to dismantle monitoring equipment .
 20021227 South Korean President-elect Roh Moo-hun stated -- . South Korea will cease support if North Korea continues to ignore global concern over the country's nuclear weapons program . North Korea should not act further to aggravate the situation . Inter-Korean exchanges will suffer if tensions among South Koreans escalate due to the actions of North Korea . South Korea must take initiative in coping with the crisis because the issue directly concerns the Korean people's survival . Roh campaigned on a pro-engagement platform and has endorsed President Kim Dae-jung's softline sunshine policy of engagement with North Korea . An aide stated that Roh's incoming Administration has established channels of communication with the North to defuse the crisis and discover North Korea's intentions . The US supports the initiative . Roh takes office in 20030200 . North Korea is re-activating nuclear operations at Yongbyon after violating a 1994 arms control deal with the United States . The IAEA stated that North Korea has cut seals and impeded surveillance equipment at 3 facilities at Yongbyon . Yongbyon is 100 km north of Pyongyang . The United States urged North Korea to meet obligations under international arms control accords . US State Department spokeswoman Brenda Greenberg stated that attempts to restarts facilities would compound North Korea's violations of these international commitments . 20030110 President George W. Bush is to send an envoy to Seoul do discuss defusing the crisis with Roh . Roh will subsequently send an envoy to Washington . Roh has advocated a peaceful resolution to the crisis through dialogue and has criticized the US hardline policy as potentially dangerous . 20021226 incoming Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Republican Senator Richard Lugar stated on NBC television that a US attack would be inadvisable because North Korea would likely retaliate with a potentially devastating attack on the Seoul area . Roh's aide acknowledged Lugar's statement . Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer stated that Australia will suspend plans to open an embassy in Pyongyang to avoid appearing to condone North Korea's nuclear actions . 20021226 IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei stated -- . North Korea has moved 1,000 fresh fuel rods into the reactor building at Yongbyon -- which is capable of producing military plutonium -- as a prelude to reactivation . North Korea has no use for plutonium in its civilian program and thus may be planning military activity . The IAEA's board of governors will shortly issue a report on the recent developments . The Board was originally scheduled to meet 20030106 .
 30 December 2002 at 00:40 am -- China launched space craft Shenzhou IV into a preset orbit . Shenzhou IV was launched by a Long March II F carrier rocket from Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwestern Gansu province . Chinese scientists announced Shenzhou IV would conduct experiments on the astronaut flight system and control of Shenzhou IV's environment and life support system . A Chinese aerospace official announced Shenzhou IV would return to Inner Mongolia within 7 days . According to the Xinhua news agency the leading designer of the astronaut system for China's manned space program commander Su Shuangning stated -- . China will soon send astronauts to space . Shenzhou IV is equipped to carry astronauts . Chinese astronauts must first receive training in basic theories, professional skills and flight procedures and tasks . In July 2002 the Pentagon announced -- . China could send astronauts into space in 2003 . China plans to build a reusable space vehicle similar to the US space shuttle . 14 Chinese astronauts have undergone training on Shenzhou space craft . The Chinese astronauts were selected from thousands of air force pilots . In 2001 Russia signed a 5-year space cooperation agreement with China . The agreement stipulates that Russia provide China with manned space craft technologies and train Chinese astronauts in Russian facilities . In May 2002 official Chinese media announced that China plans to establish a base on the moon to exploit the Moon's mineral resources . Space expert at the French Institute for International Relations in Paris Laurence nardon stated -- . US should not view China's space manned program as a security threat . China is a member of the ballistic missile club . China's space program is less of a world threat than India's or Israel's . Some US researchers believe China is developing weaponization of its space technology . China may be developing weaponization of its space technology but is not currently able to implement it . China plans to put humans in space for prestige . In November 2002 Chinese Aerospace Science and Technology Corp. President Zhang Qingwei stated -- . Shenzhou III's carrier rocket was equipped with a fault-detecting and handling system . Shenzhou IV is backed by a ground-based search and rescue system and reinforced by other more reliable safety measures than Shenzhou III's . Designer of China's spacecraft system Qi Faren announced -- . The functions, indices and data relevant to manned flights tested well on three previous successful launches and landings of Shenzhou spaceships between 1999 and March 2002 . China established a space program in 1992 . Shenzhou I launched in November 1999 and returned to earth within one day . 10 January 2001 -- Shenzhou II launched . Western analysts suspect re-entry failed . 25 March 2002 -- Shenzhou III launched . The re-entry vehicle successfully returned to Inner Mongolia a week later . Only the US and former USSR have sent humans into space . Shenzhou IV is also referred to as Divine Vessel IV .
 The European Space Agency (ESA) stated 10 January 2003 that it was finalizing a deal with the Russian government that could allow Soyuz rockets to be launched from Europe's space command at Kourou, French Guiana . The deal between the ESA and the Russian Government could be written as early as March 2003 and signed by the Russian government in April 2003 . The deal would allow for Soyuz missiles to help replace phased-out Ariane-4 launchers . Ariane-4 launchers send payloads up to 2.8 tons into geostationary orbit . Spacecraft launched from Kourou benefit from the Earth's full rotational speed on the equator to aid their trajectory into space . With this extra momentum, the spacecraft require less fuel . Plans for the Soyuz launches have been delayed by funding issues since modifications to be made to launch facilities in order to accommodate the Russian rocket are predicted to cost between 250 and 300 million euro . The Russian space program has experienced funding problems and was unwilling to contribute one third of the bill as ESA had requested . In November 2002 the Government of France proposed to fund the Russian Government's share with a loan to be paid back by profits from the launches . The ESA stated that no financial divisions have been decided yet . France joined Russia in creating a joint company Starsem in 1996 to commercialize and market the Soyuz launches from Russia's Baikonur Space Center in Kazakhstan . Soyuz missiles used to send satellites and cosmonauts into space are the most used type of spacecraft . Soyuz missiles have over 1700 launches since first launching the Sputnik satellite into orbit in 1957 .
 20030111 Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi stated to a gathering of scientists at Kurchatov Research Institute in Moscow -- . Japan demands that North Korea annul the 20030110 decision to withdraw from the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) . Japan will collaborate with the International Atomic Energy Agency and countries including Russia to ensure North Korea's reversal . Koizumi condemns and is concerned by North Korea's decision . 20030110 Koizumi held a day-long summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin . Koizumi stated that Koizumi and Putin held identical views on the North Korean crisis . Late 20030110 a Japanese spokesman stated to Interfax news that Koizumi encouraged Putin to employ the Russian government's influence on North Korean leadership in pursuing a reversal . Putin consented to Koizumi's request and stated that dialogue with North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il was possible . Koizumi stated that Russia, Japan, and the international community would benefit from improved bilateral relations if Russia and Japan could overcome previous disputes . In 1945 the Soviet Union seized 4 Southern Kuril Islands still claimed by Japan . Koizumi stated -- . Japan will continue to assist Russia in dismantling weapons of mass destruction including decommissioned nuclear submarines for which Japan will allocate over 200 million dollars . The weapons should be neutralized immediately in the interest of global security . Japan will contribute 100 million dollars to the processing of weapons-grade plutonium to prevent appropriation by terrorists . Japan has contributed 56 million dollars to scientific projects and will continue to cooperate with Russia . Russia has previously refused to pressure North Korea over defense policy . Analysts believe that Russia has limited authority to do so . Koizumi visited the grave of Japanese World War II prisoners in a cemetery at the donskoi monastery in Moscow . Koizumi will visit the Far Eastern city of Khabarovsk late 20030111 and return to Tokyo 20030112 .
 An Indian information technology expert disproved the phobia of cyber attacks and said the threat was overstated . Director of the Indian Institute of Information Technology S. Sadagopan said the cyber attack is similar to the Y2K myth; although these things could happen, they will not happen . Y2K was a computer malfunction expected to occur when 1999 changed to 2000 but it did not inflict widespread damage . Sadagopan addressed delegates at a conference on information security . Sadagopan stated that these things happen with all technology if history is reviewed and that imaginative people can cause extraordinary problems even with primitive technology . Sadagopan said the G8 nations have lost 43 billion dollars due to cyber crime . The G8 nations are comprised of France, Britain, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia and the United States . Sadagopan said most people have an alarmist view of such attacks . The attacks range from viruses, flame-mail (abusive e-mail), stone throwing (disfiguring a home page) to cyber squatters and scripts for breaking into Internet sites . Sadagopan stated that many sensitive installations such as nuclear and power plants, and missiles have an Internet protocol address and that once someone hacks into the sites one can trip the power lines or lead planes and missiles to their choice destinations . Sadagopan added that this type of hacking is possible, but there is no need to panic . Sadagopan said it needs to be recognized and while we should be sensitive about such threats it should not be sensationalized rather a pragmatic approach should be taken . The U.S. State Department said in May 2002 that a computer Hacker had infiltrated its e-mail system . The Hacker sent a potentially damaging virus to more than 20000 people who receive travel warnings electronically . A 50-line code of the love bug virus affects more than 2.8 million files monthly . Hackers have sent love letter e-mail to all chosen Heads of States from adolfahitler.com . Pentagon sites had denial of service for more than three hours . India's premier nuclear research center Bhabha Atomic resarch center sites were disfigured . Sadagopan stated that a section of technologists think cyber soldiers, cyber policemen and cyber insurance is needed . Sadagopan said the threat is overstated and that it is like any other threat, like a foreigner driving on Bangalore roads . The threat needs to be accepted and then education is the next step . Sadagopan said it needs to be started today . It cannot be postponed .
 Pakistan on 030122 announced upgrades to the security of nuclear facilities and employees after a series of press reports alleging leaks of nuclear technology to North Korea and possibly Iran and Iraq . The Los Angeles Times, New York Times and Japanese media have carried several reports quoting unnamed US officials saying that Pakistani scientists or military officers had sold the North Korean government uranium-enrichment technology for the nuclear program . Pakistan's government has angrily rejected the reports as malicious and insisted that nuclear technology had never been sold or leaked . The military statement said Pakistan's has a long-standing capability for achieving the highest levels of safety and security which is adequate and fail-safe . The Pakistani government's announcement came after President Pervez Musharraf chaired a meeting of the Development Control Committee of the National Command Authority (NCA) to review security of Pakistan's nuclear program . An official military statement said the physical protection and custodial controls at Pakistan's nuclear sites and facilities has been recently upgraded . The statement said the NCA gave approval for further tightening of different defensive layers and enhancing physical security as well as ensuring the effectiveness of watertight safety of materials, equipment and technology . The NCA also adopted steps to improve personal reliability programs for people working in nuclear-related programs . Scientists, engineers and military officers working in nuclear programs are routinely screened every 2 years according to a survey of Pakistan's nuclear security by Italy's arms control institution the Landau network . 2 Pakistani nuclear scientists were arrested 12 months ago and interrogated by US Federal Bureau of Investigation agents on suspicion of possible cooperation with the Taliban . These arrests underlined fears that nuclear technology could fall into the hands of Islamic extremists . Pakistan's government has been developing a nuclear program to match arch-rival India's since the 1970s and only went public with the program in 980500 when testing 5 nuclear devices . Jane's Defence Weekly estimates that Pakistan's government possesses 25-50 nuclear warheads and has a uranium enrichment plant and plutonium reprocessing plant close to the capital Islamabad and at least 4 nuclear reactors across the country . Pakistan's NCA also decided on 030122 not to respond to India's 3 missile tests this month and stated that Pakistan's government has no desire to increase tension in the region .
 On 25 January 2003 many Islamic activists rallied against the arrests of Kashmiri separatist leaders in the Indian zone of the disputed Himalayan region . The fundamentalist Jamaat-i-Islami party of Pakistani-administered Kashmir organized the rally . The rally was held on the call of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC) . The APHC is an umbrella group of anti-India outfits . Witnesses to the protest stated -- . Protestors carried banners and placards . Protestors chanted that India should release Syed Ali Geelani and other Kashmiri leaders and that Indian aggressors should leave Kashmir . 9 June 2002 Indian police arrested Syed Ali Geelani . Geelani was charged with aiding and abetting terrorist activities and funding terrorist organizations in the Kashmir state . Geelani is an executive member of Hurriyat . Geelani is held in the Ranchi jail in India's eastern state of Jharkhand . APHC organized protest after reports that Geelani's health was deteriorating . Geelani is elderly . Kashmir is divided between India and Pakistan . Kashmir is claimed by both India and Pakistan . The dispute over Kashmir caused 2 of the 3 wars between India and Pakistan since India and Pakistan's independence from Britain in 1947 . An Indian insurgency has resulted in the deaths of more than 37500 people in 13 years . Local Jamaat-i-Islami leader Sheikh Aqeel told protestors -- . India has been detaining Kashmiris to suppress Pakistan's freedom movement . the freedom movement will never be suppressed . Pakistan's armed forces should advance in Kashmir to liberate its territory under Indian occupation . Jamaat-i-Islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in Kashmir . Jamaat-i-Islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a US attack on Iraq . A banner carried by protestors stated that a US attack on Iraq would be terrorism against Islam . Protesters burned an effigy of US President George W. Bush before dispersing .
 A nuclear fuel reprocessing plant about 100 kilometers (60 miles) north of Tokyo in Tokaimura has extracted 6890 kilograms (15158 pounds or 7.6 short tons) of plutonium from spent nuclear fuel since it began operating in 770000 . A Japanese education and science ministry official said on 030128 that the total currently accounted for at the facility was 206 kg short of the plutonium initially estimated to have been produced by reprocessing spent nuclear fuel from power plants . It is known to take 5-8 kg of plutonium to produce a nuclear bomb . The official at the ministry's nuclear safeguard office said that the case had been reported to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) of the United Nations . The finding was also reported to the Japanese government's Atomic Energy Commission on 030128 . The education and scienc Ministry denied the possibility that any plutonium had been illegally removed from the facility . The official said 94 kg of the missing plutonium is presumed to have dissolved into waste water without being measured . The official added that another 29 kg disintegrated into another type of element . The official said that plutonium may have been stuck to fuel tubes or mixed with waste water being processed to be solidified in glass and disposed of . The official also pointed to possible errors in the estimate of plutonium extracted in the process . The official said that there was a need for improvements in measuring and evaluating methods of plutonium . The report was based on inspections at the Tokaimura facility done under IAEA safeguard rules designed to prevent the transfer of nuclear materials for production of nuclear weapons . Tokaimura is a Pacific Coast complex of nuclear-related facilities and made headlines in 990000 when the world's worst nuclear plant accident since Chernobyl in 860000 occurred at a uranium reprocessing plant there . 3 workers set off a critical reaction in 990000 when they poured too much uranium into a precipitation tank . 2 of the 3 workers later died . Safety concerns at nuclear facilities in Japan were further highlighted on 030127 when a High Court upheld the suspension of operations of a troubled experimental fast-breeder reactor which has been shut since an accident in 950000 .
 Officials stated that on 030128 Italy's Internet network was hit by most serious Internet attack to date that severely disrupted Italy's post offices . The attack on Italy's Internet network occurred as similiar attacks around the globe appeared to be subsiding . A computer security expert named Fulvio berghella stated that the 030128 attack on Italy's Internet network were the result of a digital worm named sq hell and that the attack was the worst Internet attack ever to hit Italy . Fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour . Fulvio berghella heads an Internet security firm named securitynet . Fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq Hell is slowing down the Poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable . The sq Hell is considered a computer worm . A computer worm is unlike a computer virus and does not require a user to open an e-mail attachment or initiate any other type of command to infect the computer . Paolo baldelli stated that online work at Italy's 14000 post offices was severely disrupted by the Internet attack . Paolo baldelli stated that the Internet attack overloaded computers with millions of messages . Paolo baldelli is the official responsible for Poste italiane's computer system . Beginning at 0100 Greenwich Mean Time Poste italiane's computers were overwhelmed with the messages entitled Hi . Paolo baldelli stated that it took a team of 80 technicians hours to free the computer systems of 9000 of the 14000 Poste italiane's offices . Italian consumers were unable to use Poste italiane's cash machines or pay utility bills online . Paolo baldelli stated that the problem with Poste italiane's computer systems would be resolved in the remaining 5000 post offices and normal service would resume on 030129 . In 000000 Italy was attacked by a strike similar to the 030128 attack on Italy's Internet network and at least 8 other Internet attacks in 020000 . A fast spreading Internet attack by the Sapphire or SQL slammer worm over the weekend effected an estimated 250000 computers worldwide . Many of the 250000 computers were located in the United States and Asia .
 20030204 Indian Deputy Prime Minister Lal Krishna Advani stated at a public lecture in Singapore addressing academics, diplomats and business executives that Southeast Asia was becoming an operational center of terrorism and Governments must cooperate more closely to combat terrorism . 20021012 terrorists executing a bombing attack on the Indonesian resort island of Bali . Indonesian authorities stated that the Islamic militant group Jemaah Islamiyah is responsible . The attack is considered part of a global incitement to Jihad by al-Qaeda and its allies . Advani stated -- . The Bali attack established Southeast Asia as a potential new theater for the spread of jihadi extremism . India previously knew that the operational center of jihadi terrorism is located near India due to the US-lead bombing campaign against extremist bases in Afghanistan . Advani stated -- . The menace of religious extremism has inspired international terrorism . Terrorism should not be identified with any religion but jihadi terrorism has spread more global violence than any other extremist doctrine . Advani stated -- . Countries must continue in pursuing enhanced cooperation including intelligence sharing and border controls to combat the problem perpetrated by global terrorism and its concomitants -- drug trafficking, illegal arms trade and cross-border crime . While the international consensus is that terrorism cannot be tolerated, the instruments the international community proposes to deal with terrorism do not meet the requirements of the problem . Advani stated at a forum organized by the Institute of Southeast Asian Studies -- . Countries must formulate and implement an integrated and cooperative approach to security by designing new security systems to protecting transport, communication and energy infrastructure from terrorist attack as well as obstructing terrorists' funding . Unilateral military action such as the standoff between the US and Iraq on disarming Iraqi President Saddam Hussein threatens peace and could lead to unforeseen negative consequences . The issue of weapons of mass destruction should be dealt with in the UN . Rising tensions in the Middle East will affect oil prices . The the region should provide greater energy security through developing alternative energy technologies . Advani visited Singapore 20030202-20030205 .
 On 30210 Myanmar's military stated that the military had arrested 12 activists from pro-democracy parties for anti-government activities undertaken with funding from dissident expatriates . At a specially called media briefing a Myanmar military spokesman stated that he 12 arrested activists were mostly members of the opposition party named National League for Democracy . National League for Democracy is headed by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi . Aung San Suu Kyi was released 020500 from 19 months of house arrest . Human rights activists claim Myanmar still has 1200 to 1300 political prisoners despite a series of political prisoners releases in 020000 . At the specially called media briefing a military intelligence official Brigadier General Than Tun that it has been discovered that some members of the legally standing political parties inside Myanmar have been engaged in anti-government activities with financial support from dissident expatriates . Than Tun stated that some of the 12 arrested activists had produced anti-government materials . The people alleged to have produced anti-government materials included a National League for Democracy Vice Chairman from Kamayut township named Khin Win and Shan National League for Democracy's Secretary Sai Nyunt Lwin . The pamphlets containing anti-government materials had been found with another National League for Democracy member named Maung Maung Myint . Maung Maung Myint had returned to Myanmar from exile in Thailand . Maung Maung Myint's arrest in Myanmar had led to the arrests of the other 11 activists . Than Tun stated Maung Maung Myint was arrested on 030210 together with around 450 anti-government pamphlets that Maung Maung Myint admitted he had personally authored . Than Tun stated Maung Maung Myint had also admitted to authoring an anti-government pamphlet targeting monks and students and that 1000 copies of these pantalets had been produced for public distribution . Than Tun stated the pro-democracy activist were obviously trying to get the sympathy of monks as well as the general public for the pro-democracy cause . Than Tun stated that Myanmar's military will take legal action against some of the 12 arrested activists and release those Myanmar's military deem to be innocent after the investigation is complete . Than Tun stated that everything involving the prosecution of the 12 arrested activist will be legal and transparent . Than Tun stated that international human rights group such as Amnesty International do not need to be concerned about illegal prosecution of the 12 arrested activist . Amnesty International returned last week from Amnesty International's first fact-finding mission to Myanmar . Myanmar is widely criticised for Myanmar's poor human rights record . In a 030210 briefing in Bangkok regarding Amnesty International's first visit to Myanmar, Amnesty International called for the release of all political prisoners and pressured Myanmar's government to improve Myanmar's human rights record . Amnesty International stated that Myanmar's authorities had in no way hindered Amnesty International's fact-finding mission . Than Tun stated that despite the fact that it was clear some members of the opposition parties were involved in anti-Government activities Myanmar's military have not accused the leadership of the National League for Democracy or the Shan National League for Democracy of being directly involved . Than Tun stated that it remains to be seen whether the opposition parties involved will take disciplinary action or act in the defense of the 12 arrested activist . The National League for Democracy won general elections in 900000 and won 392 of 485 contested seats . The ruling junta has refused to recognise the victory of the National League for Democracy .
 South African President Thabo Mbeki stated on 18 February 2003 that a South African team of weapons experts will depart to Iraq within days to assist with Iraq's disarmament program . In an address to parliament in Cape Town Mbeki stated -- . A number of distinguished South Africans will travel to Iraq this week . The weapons experts will be able to address all matters that relate to nuclear, chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction, missile systems, non-proliferation and disarmament . Mbeki stated in his State of the Nation Address on 14 February 2003 that Iraq had accepted an offer from South Africa to send a team of weapons experts to assist Iraqi government officials, scientists and engineers with its disarmament program . South Africa dismantled a number of nuclear weapons 10 years ago and was recently praised for its model cooperation with weapons experts invited to inspect its sites . Deputy Foreign Affairs Minister Aziz Pahad stated that South Africa is the only country in the world that has destroyed nuclear weapons . Pahad stated that the group of South African experts will be able to assist the Iraqis by relating its experience . The team of seven experts comprises Deon Smit, Ben Steyn, Phillip Coleman, super moloi, Daan van beeck, Peter Goosen and Tom Markram . The team would visit Iraq in a consulting role and would not replace UN weapons inspectors . Ben Steyn is a colonel in the South African National Defense Force . Steyn oversaw the end of the apartheid regime's chemical and biological warfare program called Project Coast . Germ warfare expert Wouter Basson directed Project Coast before Steyn . In 2002 Basson was acquitted in a South African court on all 46 charges filed against him including murder, fraud and drug dealing . Basson's trial related to his work as head of Project Coast . Basson's trial lasted 30 months . Smit is a South African parastatal Armscor's acquisitions general manager . Coleman is the Managing Director of South Africa's designated single small-scale facility in terms of the Chemical Weapons Convention . Van beek is the director of non-proliferation and space in the Trade and Industry Department . Van beek also heads the secretariat for the Council for the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction which oversees South Africa's non-proliferation legislation . Mbeki expressed confidence that the South African team of experts would contribute greatly to Iraq's efforts to meet obligations imposed by the UN Security Council . The Government of South Africa's proposal to assist the Iraqi government was discussed with UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and the UN weapons inspectors in Iraq . This week the UN Security Council is debating U.S. threats to lead a war on Iraq after chief UN weapons inspector Hans Blix delivered a progress report to the body on 14 February 2003 . South Africa's ambassador to the United Nations Dumisani Khumalo has been calling for public sessions of the Security Council instead of closed meetings in order to allow other countries to participate in discussions . South Africa is the chair of both the African Union and Non-Aligned Movement and has been vocal in its opposition to an attack on Iraq . South Africa states that the UN Security Council is the only body fit to deal with the matter . In February 2003 Nobel Peace Prize laureate and former President Nelson Mandela stated that U.S. President George W. Bush lacked foresight, could not think properly, and would cause a world holocaust if the U.S. continued with plans to wage war against Iraq . Critics have stated that despite the dire effects an Iraqi conflict would have on the African continent South Africa needed to carefully assess balancing its economic relations with the United States with its serious opposition to a U.S.-led war . In his speech before parliament 14 February 2003 Mbeki referred to this criticism as most unfortunate stating -- . Critics suggest that the South African Government's behavior with regard to the United States Government should be governed by economic benefits that derive from AGOA (African Growth and Opportunity Act) . The South African government maintains very good relations with the United States Government . Differences on any issue have never pressured the South African Government into submitting to the United States' views .
 On 20 February 2003 Iranian opposition group National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) stated that Iran was building banned uranium enrichment sites as part of a nuclear weapons program . The statement was made on the evening preceding a UN team's departure for Iran to conduct inspections at 2 nuclear sites . U.S. Representative for NCRI soona samsami stated at a press conference in Washington D.C. that Iran's strategy is to build weapons of mass destruction and nuclear weapons in particular in order to alter the balance of power in the region in its favor and to facilitate export of fundamentalism and terrorism . UN International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and its director Mohamed ElBaradei depart for Iran 21 February 2003 to conduct an inspection at a site in Natanz where representatives of the NCRI have stated that the regime has concealed a test centrifuge . NCRI showed satellite photographs of a site in Natanz portraying a cluster of warehouses in which the group claims the regime has hidden centrifuges used to enrich uranium that could be used in nuclear weapons . Samsami stated that the clerical regime is taking advantage of the current crisis in the region and has accelerated its efforts to obtain nuclear weapons . On 09 February 2003 Iranian President Mohammed Khatami recognized the existence of a uranium mine and extraction center but promised that the uranium would be used only for peaceful purposes . The U.S. government was skeptical of Iran's intentions and stated that Iran's pursuit of a complete fuel cycle only made sense if it were pursuing nuclear weapons . NCRI stated on 20 February 2003 that Iran's clerical rulers are also building and have tested missiles that would eventually have a range of 4000 to 6000 kilometers (2500 to 3700 miles) . NCRI stated that the information on Iran's weapons program had been supplied through their intelligence network within Iran and that satellite photographs were supplied by the Institute for Science and International Security . The Institute for Science and International Security is a non-profit clearinghouse for security information and images . Samsami stated -- . The Iranian government had removed sensitive equipment from the Natanz site in anticipation of the IAEA inspection this weekend . The Iranian government intended to bar IAEA entry to 1 of the 5 large buildings where the centrifuge is located and would claim that it is a warehouse similar to the other 4 . Samsami provided street addresses of the suspect facilities . ElBaradei planned to conduct inspections at the Natanz facility south of Tehran and at the Arak site southwest of Tehran on 22 February 2003 and 23 February 2003 . NCRI stated that the Arak site produces heavy water for the production of plutonium . Plutonium is used as a trigger in nuclear weapons . Samsami stated that such weapons are a matter of survival for the regime in Iran . Samsami stated that Iran's clerical regime is in a tenuous position facing unprecedented social disenchantment and expansion of popular resistance and would therefore not hesitate to use weapons of mass destruction to stabilize its position . The Government of Iran revealed earlier this month that it had discovered uranium deposits near the central city of Yazd and that a uranium oxide plant had been completed in the central city of Isfahan and would be complemented by an enrichment plant now under construction near Kashan to its north . The plant in Yazd Province would produce concentrated yellow cake uranium while another facility at an undisclosed location would complete the cycle by producing finished fuel made entirely in Iran .
 The International Narcotics Control Board reported on February 26, 2003 that illicit manufacture of methamphetamines has risen significantly in Southeast Asia . The United Nations organ said there continues to be indications that manufacturers of heroin are increasingly shifting their attention to methamphetamine particularly in Myanmar . The Vienna-based Board stated that the psychotropic substance is clandestinely manufactured on a large scale along Myanmar's border with Thailand and in China and the Philippines . Methamphetamine remains the main drug of concern in Japan, the Philippines and Thailand . The Thai health ministry has estimated that three million people regularly abuse the substance . That is five percent of the Thailand's population . Thailand is the world's largest consumer of methamphetamines . Authorities in Japan have reported a rise in the abuse of stimulants . The Board stated that a sharp rise in methamphetamine abuse has also been noted in Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia and Vietnam . In China there has been a rise in arrests related to the drug . The report stated that the abuse of amphetamines among children has risen sharply in Cambodia . Law enforcement efforts apprehended amphetamines in East Asia . The UN organ stated that more than 70 percent of all the seizures in amphetamines made in the world took place in East and Southeast Asia, mainly China and Thailand . Most of the world manufacture of amphetamine-type stimulants has taken place in the region . The exception is MDMA (Ecstasy) . The report stated production of methamphetamine poses a growing threat to other regions . Seizures of the drug have increased in Europe and the United States . Illicit opium poppy cultivation decreased in Laos and Myanmar . The Board said that the region still witnesses massive amounts of trafficking . The region remains the second largest source of opium and heroin in the world behind Afghanistan . The report said intravenous drug abuse has become one of the driving forces behind the HIV/AIDS epidemic in the region . The Board told Indonesia, Myanmar and the Philippines to enforce without delaying laws passed over the last couple of years in the three countries . This referred to an issue closely related to the illicit drugs trade, namely money-laundering and was to combat the practice . The Board voiced concern that Cambodia and North Korea have yet to become parties to any of the international drug control treaties .
 On 16 March 2003 Kashmiri militants claimed responsibility for an attack on a police post in the disputed state of Kashmir in India stating that they attacked to avenge the killing of their commanders by Indian troops . The Hizbul Mujahideen is the largest group fighting Indian rule in the disputed Himalayan region . A spokesman for Hizbul Mujahideen who declined to be identified stated to AFP -- . The attack was in retaliation to the recent killing of district commander Amanullah and 3 other fighters of Hizbul Mujahideen by the Indian army in Kashmir . Approximately 10 to 15 fighters from Hizbul Mujahideen, Harkatul Mujahideen, Harkatul Jihad-e-Islami and Al Badar attacked the camp before midnight on 15 March 2003 and into 16 March 2003 and killed at least 12 soldiers . All the fighters who participated in the operation were local Kashmiris not infiltrators from Pakistan as claimed by Indian officials . The Indian claim that cross-border incursions have increased is baseless and aimed at covering up its failures in occupied Kashmir . The militants attacked the post in Gool in the Udhampur district approximately 95 miles north of Indian Kashmir's winter capital Jammu . At least 11 people were killed in the attack . A spokesman for another Kashmiri separatist group called Harkatul Mujahideen agreed with the Hizbul official stating -- . The attack was executed by local Kashmiri fighters affiliated with 4 groups . If India blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community . The Kashmir region is divided between India and Pakistan and is claimed by both . India and Pakistan have fought 2 wars over Kashmir since each gained independence from Britain in 1947 . India accuses Pakistan of funding and training rebels fighting to end Indian rule in Kashmir . Pakistan denies the charge . Since 1989 more than 37500 people have died in the insurgency in Kashmir .
 On March 21, 2003 a spokesman for the Central Asian country's defense ministry said Kazakhstan increased its air defenses to prevent any missiles fired during the Iraq war from threatening its Caspian coast . The coast is a home to vital oil industry installation . Defense ministry spokesman abish smailov told AFP that incidents occur when powerful weapons such as Scud missiles are used . Smailov said that Kazakh air space is controlled at all times using measures involving anti-missile defenses, fighter jets and anti-terrorist units . Kazakhstan's increased air defenses come during Kazakhstan's air force carries out exercises along its Caspian shores . The shores are a center of Kazakhstan's nascent oil industry . Western countries said it is inadequately defended in the event of terrorist attack . Ex-Soviet Kazakhstan is separated from Iraq by a 600-kilometer (360-mile) section of the Caspian Sea and Iranian territory . Kazakhstan is currently cooperating with the United States on strengthening defenses in this oil-rich area . Kazakh politicians said that any overthrow of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein could reduce Western interests in exploiting Kazakhstan's oil fields . Investors could turn their attention to Iraq's vast oil resources instead .
 The methamphetamine pills known as Yaa BAA have surpassed heroin as Thailand's number one killer drug . Several million Thai people use the drug . The pill has become part of Thai society . No other drug has become as integral in decades . The effects on the brains of its consumers is disastrous . Yaa BAA is known as crazy medicine in Thailand . It has been targeted in a two-month anti-drugs crackdown that has resulted in the deaths of nearly 1,900 suspected traffickers . There is much concern over the drug . The drug's popularity increased in the mid-1990s . It has made Thailand the world's number one consumer . Pierre-Arnaud chouvy and Joel meissonnier state in their book Yaa BAA recently published by the Institute of Research on contemporary Southeast Asia that the psychotropic drugs is used across society for both work and pleasure . Construction workers, sailors, farmers and taxi drivers take the drug to help them through long working days . Students use it to get through exam periods . Clubbers use it to help them dance all night . Yaa BAA possesses several qualities that have helped it supplant heroin as the drug of choice in Thailand . The book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image . It appears modern and inoffensive because it is synthetic . The energy, confidence and euphoric feeling has given users an image as a drug of happiness . The pills can also be easily consumed . They can be popped or dissolved in a glass of water, taken intravenously, pulverized and inhaled, or smoked . There are at least 90 types of the pill . Yaa BAA is easy to manufacture and do not have any climate uncertainties like other drugs have . Instructions on how to manufacture the drug are available on the Internet . Heroin requires opium poppy as its raw ingredient and cocaine depends on yields from the coca plant . The drug has an affordable price . It cost 60 baht (1.50 dollars) per pill on the streets before Thailand's drug war started on February 1, 2003 and push the price up 300 percent . The pill costs five-cents to produce . 800 million pills entered Thailand from Myanmar last year . The book states that the majority of the drug comes from Myanmar particularly the areas controlled by the Wa of the UWSA (United Wa State Army) . The book is referring to the pro-Yangon ethnic group said to operate around 50 laboratories close to the border and the mobile production units . Myanmar could become an unrivaled regional producer because of the links between the military rulers and the UWSA, and the jungle canopy where UWSA operate . The military and UWSA links result in a lack of law enforcement . The drug has become a specialty of the Golden Triangle where Thailand, Laos and Myanmar converge . Much of the world's opium is still produced there . Chouvy and meissonnier say that methamphetamine is overtaking heroin as the production drug of choice in the area and is profiting enormously from the distribution networks that heroin trafficking has already established . Five percent of Thailand's population is now estimated to abuse methamphetamine . The International Narcotics Control Bureau says the figure makes it the largest per capita consumer in the world . The drug has been around in other forms for years . It was first used in the 1920s as an antidepressant and then as a psychostimulant during World War II and the Vietnam War . People recruited from impoverished ethnic minorities transport the pills along a multitude of routes . Myanmar soldiers and Thai police and bureaucrats protect the cargo and allow them to eventually reach consumers in Thailand . The books states that one pill will pass through seven intermediaries from the frontier runner to the retailer . The retailer will usually sell more to the drug user than he or she requires . This creates another dealer and explains the drug's easy availability across Thailand . Owners of boats in the southern coastal province of Ranong and construction foremen in Bangkok are known to force their workers to take the drug at the beginning of the workday . Occasionally in rural areas the farmers dissolve the drug in a bottle which they drink while working . Consumers are as young as seven and school has become one of the main hubs for trafficking of methamphetamine . Thailand's youth are the most at risk .
 On 03 April 2003 Afghanistan's Interior Minister Ali Ahmad Jalali stated that Taliban and remaining al-Qaeda militants are not capable of destabilizing the Afghan government despite their increased attacks on government and foreign targets . Jalali was speaking at his first press conference since taking office in February 2003 . Jalali stated that the arrival of spring weather was the reason for the increased number of attacks by Taliban and remaining members of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network . The traditional fighting season in Afghanistan is spring after the harsh winters . Jalali stated that due to the warmer spring weather terrorist activities have increased particularly in the south and southeast regions of Afghanistan . On 02 April 2003 the U.S. State Department stated that security in Afghanistan was volatile and unpredictable following a series of attacks against foreigners . In a travel advisory the U.S. State Department stated that travel in all areas of Afghanistan including the capital Kabul is unsafe due to military operations, land mines, banditry, armed rivalry among political and tribal groups, and the possibility of terrorist attacks including attacks using vehicular or other bombs . Taliban and al-Qaeda militants regularly launch attacks on government and foreign targets . Last week a foreign Red Cross worker was murdered and 2 U.S. special forces were killed in an ambush while on patrol . Jalali stated -- . On 03 April 2003 Afghan militia forces were fighting Taliban extremists for the 3rd day near Spin Boldak in southern Kandahar province near the Pakistani border . There are approximately 50-60 terrorists in the mountains of the southern Kandahar province and the Kandahar security forces are conducting operations against them . On 02 April 2003 2 members of the security forces were killed and 1 was wounded . 7 of the terrorists were arrested . Several former Taliban members were arrested in another operation in southern Ghazni province . Jalali stated that among the former Taliban members arrested were several well-known former Taliban figures who were in Afghanistan to establish a network of terrorist organizations and to conduct anti-government activities in the area . Among those arrested was former Taliban Education Minister Shaheed Kheil . Jalali stated -- . Approximately 15 suspected Taliban members were captured in Kandahar and 9 killed in operations launched after the 27 March 2003 murder of the Red Cross worker . Most of the terrorist attacks are carried out by former Taliban members based across the border in Pakistan . These members have confessed that they were sent from Pakistan into Afghanistan by the former Taliban leader . The Pakistan-based former Taliban members conducting the attacks were being funded by former drug smuggling operations or by supporters in Pakistan . The militants coming across the border from Pakistan into Afghanistan are organized by former Taliban elements . Funds are transferred to the Pakistan-based former Taliban members from Karachi, Quetta and Peshawar but this does not indicate that the Government of Pakistan is supporting the former Taliban . It is true that the interrogated Afghan Taliban stated that they had come from Pakistan and received their financial support from Karachi and Quetta but this does not indicate that the Government of Pakistan is supporting them . There are many fundamentalists across the world as well as in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
 On 030406 Pakistani officials stated that Pakistan's army-led Anti Narcotics Force seized 1.22 metric tons of opium after a gun battle with drug smugglers in the southwestern Pakistani province of Baluchistan . Anti Narcotics Force officials stated that the street value of the opium was 50 million United States dollars . Pakistani officials stated that the gun battle took place in the Kharan desert on the Iranian border 212 miles west of the Baluchistan province capital of Quetta late on 030404 . An Anti Narcotics Force official stated that Anti Narcotics Force agents spotted a vehicle during a routine night patrol of the area west of Quetta along the Pakistan-Iran border, an ANF official said . An Anti Narcotics Force official stated that when the Anti Narcotics Force motioned the vehicle to stop the vehicle's occupants opened fire and that the firefight lasted half an hour . The Anti Narcotics Force official stated that the Anti Narcotics Force team recovered 1.22 metric tons of opium from the vehicle after an exchange of gun fire and arrested the vehicle's driver . The Anti Narcotics Force official stated that the drug smugglers managed to escape under the cover of darkness and that the Anti Narcotics Force team recovered three rifles, a machine gun, rocket launcher, two grenades and hundreds of rounds of ammunition from the vehicle . In 021200 the authorities seized 1130 kilograms of morphine in Baluchistan province . Late in 020000 the authorities recovered 1100 kilogrammes of hashish and several automatic weapons .
 In a message aired 030521 by Arabic Qatar's Al-Jazeera satellite channel, the purported voice of Ayman al-Zawahiri urged Muslims to force Westerners out of Muslim lands by attacking westerners and emulating the 010911 suicide attacks in the United States . The speaker called for Muslims to muster their resolve and hit the embassies of America, England, Australia and Norway, and strike at the interests, companies and employees of America, England, Australia and Norway . The speaker urged Muslims to attack and eject Americans, British, Australians and Norwegians out of Muslim homelands . The speaker told Muslims not to allow Americans, British, Australians, Norwegians or other Western Christians to live in and benefit from the resources of Muslim countries . Egyptian experts said this audiotape was a genuine recording of Zawahiri's voice and proved Zawahiri was alive and still as influential as before in al-Qaeda . Montasser al-Zayat, a lawyer who has represented Islamic militant suspects in Egypt, stated he was certain that the voice on the tape was that of Zawahiri, Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden's top lieutenant . Al-Zayat stated that the recording was Zawahiri's voice, style and manner . Dia al-Rashwan stated that he believed that the voice was Zawahiri's and that the message bore Zawahiri's characteristic emphasis on Islamic militant attacks against Arab governments which are allied to the United States . Al-Rashwan is a journalist with Egypt's government daily Al-Ahram and an expert on Islamic militants . According to Rashwan, while bin Laden has always stressed international targets, Zawahiri has gradually shown increasing support for Arab targets as well . Rashwan thought it was clear that Zawahiri is still second in command of al-Qaeda and that his stress on local (Arab) targets was influencing not only statements and actions by Al-Qaeda itself but also groups inspired by them . Montasser al-Zayat said that he believed bin Laden was under secure protection with Zawahiri . Zayat thought that security conditions sometimes dictate which one speaks out . The situations and locations of Zawahiri, bin Laden and other top al-Qaeda members have been unknown since the United States struck the bases of al-Qaeda and its Taliban supporters in Afghanistan in 011000 . Rashwan was unable to illuminate suspicions that Seif al-Adel, another Egyptian, might have masterminded the triple suicide bombings that killed 34 people, including 9 bombers, in Riyadh, Suadi Arabia 030512 . Rashwan and other Egyptian experts said that Adel has become Al-Qaeda's number 3 in command since becoming chief of military operations and succeeding Abu Hafs al-Masri . Al-Masri was killed during the war in Afghanistan . Adel was a top member in the Egyptian Islamic militant movement Al-Jihad . Al-Jihad was led by Zawahiri and carried out many attacks in Egypt in the 1990s . Adel left Egypt at the end of the 1980s for a Gulf Arab country, then traveled to Pakistan and then Afghanistan, where he helped train militants at some camps, Egyptian sources said on condition they not be named . The Egyptian sources also said that Adel is close to both Zawahiri and bin Laden . A senior Saudi official said 030519 that he believed Adel directed the bombings in Riyadh . A senior United States official stated that it was still not clear whether Adel had personally been involved . Like Zawahiri, Adel and Al-Masri were on a list of 12 most wanted suspects released by the US administration following the 010911 attacks . At least three other Egyptians were also on the list: Tharwat Salah Shehata, Tariq Anwar As-Sayyid Ahmad and Mohammad Salah . Egyptian security sources said that Ahmad and Salah were killed in the war on terror launched after 010911 . Ahmad and Salah were believed to have organized suicide attacks . Shehata, a laywer, is considered by security sources in Egypt to be responsible for Al-Qaeda's funding .
 Indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in Kashmir . Customs officials from the Federal Finance Ministry launched the campaign with security forces on 15 May 2003 in the southern Kashmir already affected by much violence . The campaign requires troops to confront angry residents desperate to earn a living and unaware they are violating the law . Senior Customs Officer V. Prabhakar stated that in 2003 the troops have destroyed opium poppy crops dispersed over 224.73 hectares (556 acres) in 27 villages of Anantnag and Pulwama districts . A similar drive was carried out in 2002 in the same region but did not stop residents from replanting . Prabhakar stated -- . The crop destruction of 2002 has not served as a deterrent . The State administration has been lax on the issue . No district official has ever taken steps to destroy the crop nor even reported that poppy crops are grown in his area . Villagers in this region approximately 30 kilometers (18 miles) south of Kashmir's summer capital Srinagar stated that cultivating poppy crops was their only livelihood . Farmer Ghulam Ahmed stated that he and other farmers have been growing poppy crops in their fields for years with no objection from anyone . Ahmed stated that residents were shocked when officials and troops started destroying their harvest . Many villagers grow poppy for their seeds used to flavor the Kashmiri bread known as kulcha . Kulcha is always in great demand across the Himalayan region . Bakers buy the seeds at 100 rupees (two U.S. dollars) per kilogram . The lucrative byproduct is poppy SAP which can be processed into opium . Rahti Begum was disconsolate as she watched her crop being destroyed . Begum who raises the 3 children of her late son stated that her poppy crop is her only source of income . Some officials admit the residents are not at fault . A State official told AFP -- . These villagers are innocent . They cultivate the crop for poppy seeds unaware that its cultivation is punishable . The villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking . Officials state that because many farmers are unaware of these laws security forces make no arrests over poppy cultivation . Prabhakar states -- . If the cultivation continues unrestrained Kashmir may soon become notorious for narcotics . This has potential serious consequences as Kashmiri youth may become addicted to narcotics grown in the region . Poppy cultivation at present is largely organized by groups who use their own trucks to transport the drugs for sale in other parts of India . In 2002 the Indian army seized 350 kilograms (772 pounds) of narcotics in the Kashmir Valley . He will intensify the anti-drug operation . Federal and state officials and non-governmental organizations should cooperate on the anti-drug campaign and could end the poppy trade in Kashmir . A crucial element of the campaign's success is education of the public . The region of Kashmir is already unstable from 14 years of the separatist violence that has killed 10s of 1000s of people and has devastated their once prosperous tourism industry .
 Leaders from Albania, Bosnia and herzegowina, Croatia, Macedonia and Serbia and Montenegro met for the first time with European Union leaders to pursue joining the European Union . European Union leaders and Balkan leaders issued a joint statement after the summit, stating organized crime and corruption is an obstacle to democratic stability, the rule of law, economic development and development of civil society in the Balkans and is a source of concern to European Union leaders . The joint statement said combating organized crime and corruption in the Balkans constitutes a major priority for the Governments within the Balkans . The joint statement also stated that leaders from the Balkan countries pledged to focus on combating people trafficking, illegal immigration and improving border security . The joint statement included the European Union leaders' call for efforts to address ethnic tensions . Government in Brussels called for political, economic and judicial reforms in the Balkans after the wars that broke up the former Yugoslavia from 1991 - 1999 and is demanding full cooperation with the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague . The joint statement stated that the leaders of the western Balkan countries pledge full and unequivocal cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, which includes the immediate transfer to The Hague of remaining fugitive war crimes suspects, and that providing justice for war crimes is a legal, political and moral imperative to which the leaders of the western Balkan countries are committed . The joint statement stated that the Balkan governments must continue with economic reforms . The statement said that persistent efforts and structural reforms are required to establish functioning market economies and to achieve sustainable development and to ensure employment . The joint statement stated European Union leaders reiterate unequivocal support to the European perspective of the western Balkan countries and that the future of the Balkans is in the European Union .
 24 June 2003 -- a Paris judge ordered that 11 members of Iranian armed opposition group the People's Mujahedeen remain imprisoned . Court sources stated that the members were placed under investigation for terrorist offenses . The members include the People's Mujahedeen's symbolic leader Maryam Rajavi . The People's Mujahedeen views Rajavi as the President-elect of a future Iranian government . The judge rejected Rajavi's appeal that the 11 members be freed from preventive detention . On 22 June 2003 17 members of the People's Mujahedeen were placed under judicial investigation . The 17 members included Rajavi . The investigation is the first step toward formal criminal charges for alleged links between the People's Mujahedeen and a terrorist organization and for funding terrorist activity . Last week French police raided more than a dozen locations linked to the People's Mujahedeen northwest of Paris . Paris officials have accused the People's Mujahedeen of using France as a rear base to plan attacks against Iranian interests . A series of demonstrations in Paris and Europe protested the raids . 10 people set themselves on fire at the raids . A woman in Paris and a woman in London died from injuries incurred by setting themselves on fire . Several dozen supporters staged a hunger strike at the headquarters of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) . More than 10 of the hunger strikers have been treated in hospital for dehydration . Approximately 160 people have been detained in the police crackdown on the People's Mujahedeen . The People's Mujahedeen has been classified by the US, the EU and Iran as a terrorist organization . The People's Mujahedeen armed wing occupying bases in Iraq have been neutralized by US forces . The People's Mujahedeen has accused French authorities of carrying out their operation as part of a deal with Iran . Iran denies having such a deal with France . The NCRI is the People's Mujahedeen's political front in Auvers-sur-Oise . Hunger strikers were affected by France's heat wave . Temperatures in Auvers-sur-Oise have reached 35 degrees Celsius (95 degrees Fahrenheit) .
 Charles Kartman stated on 030630 that the 5 billion United States dollar North Korean nuclear reactor project is contingent upon progress of discussions between North Korea and South Korea regarding North Korea's desire to obtain nuclear weapons . Officials stated that Charles Kartman made the statement during talks with South Korean Foreign Minister Yoon Young-kwan . Charles Kartman is executive director of the Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization . Wi Sung-lac stated to reporters that Charles Kartman stated that the North Korean nuclear reactor project is linked to North Korea's problem with nuclear weapons . Wi Sung-lac is the head of the South Korean Foreign Ministry's North American Affairs Bureau . Wi Sung-lac stated that Charles Kartman stated that North Korea's participation in the multilateral talks proposed by the United States to settle the nuclear crisis would help Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization resolve any policy differences over the North Korean nuclear reactor project . Wi Sung-lac stated that Japan seems to have taken a similar position to south Korea and that there seems to be no determined policy despite various opinions in the United States . Wi Sung-lac refused to give any details about the North Korean nuclear reactor project . The Yonhap News Agency stated that Charles Kartman would reaffirm that the North Korean nuclear reactor project may not be completed if the North Korean government continued to pursue a nuclear agenda . The United States Government has reportedly suggested the North Korean nuclear reactor project be halted as part of growing diplomatic pressure on the South Korean government . South Korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the North Korean nuclear reactor project . The Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization was created under a 940000 Agreed Framework between North Korea and the United States . The Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization was to provide North Korea with 2 light-water nuclear reactors deemed unsuitable for weapons production and 500000 metric tons of heavy fuel oil per year . Construction on the 2 light-water nuclear reactors started in 020800 and is already behind schedule . Construction on 1 of the 2 light-water nuclear reactors was originally planned to be completed in 030000 . The Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization has maintained construction work on the 2 light-water nuclear reactors and has suspended shipments of fuel oil to North Korea from 021200 at the height of the nuclear stand-off which intensified in 021000 when the North Korean government admitted to running a nuclear weapons program based on enriched uranium . The 940000 Agreed Framework between North Korea and the United States required North Korea to stop the use of graphite-moderate reactors used to produce weapons-grade plutonium at North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear plant . North Korea did not adhere to the 940000 agreed framework . North Korea unsealed spent fuel rods from the graphite-moderate reactors, removed International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and withdrew from a nuclear non-proliferation treaty . On 030609 North Korea admitted publicly for the first time that North Korea was seeking nuclear weapons capability . United States officials do not know how far North Korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed . United States officials believe the North Korean government has already stockpiled enough plutonium for 1 or 2 nuclear weapons . North Korea and the United States sat down for their first talks in three-way negotiations with China in 030400 but no further meetings have been scheduled . United States government is seeking support from its allies to cut North Korea's alleged funding from the sales of arms, illegal drugs and currency counterfeiting . North Korea has accused the United States of planning a blockade of North Korea .
 Vietnam state media reported on 1 July 2003 that an Australian man of Vietnamese origin and a Lao National were arrested after Vietnamese police uncovered two networks trafficking drugs from Laos and Cambodia . The Vietnam News Agency said Australian national Tran Van Thanh was arrested on 30 June 2003 in the southern Vietnam city of dalat for Tran's involvement in a network smuggling heroin from Cambodia to Australia via Vietnam . The news agency reports that police transferred Tran to Ho Chi Minh City where Tran's Vietnamese accomplice, Pham Dai Nhon, was arrested on 29 June 2003 with more than 600 grams (1.3 pounds) of heroin . Anti-drug police on 1 July 2003 also arrested a Lao National named khamkhuong unmano as police broke up a gang trafficking the psychoactive pharmaceutical bromazepam from Laos to Vietnam . Unmano's wife and unmano's brother and sister-in-law were 3 of unmano's Vietnamese partners and were arrested on 30 June 2003 in Hanoi . The 2 couples told police they had trafficked more than 60000 pills of bromazepam . Police also seized more than 90000 pills of bromazepam, a car and close to 40000 US dollars following a raid at the unmanos' houses . Vietnam has some of the strictest drug laws in the world . Anyone found in possession of 300 grams (10 ounces) or more of heroin or 10 kilograms (22 pounds) or more of opium could face the death penalty .
 The Swedish government on July 3, 2003 appointed Hans Blix to head a new independent commission on weapons of mass destruction . Anna Lindh stated that it is very gratifying that Hans Blix is willing to accept the chairmanship because the experience and knowledge Hans Blix possesses is unique . Anna Lindh stated that the Commission would provide impetus to disarmament and the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and missiles . Anna Lindh stated that the Commission will be formed in the fall of 2003 and will submit recommendations in 2005 . Hans Blix is the former United Nations weapons chief inspector in Iraq . Hans Blix retired from the United Nations post on June 30, 2003 . Hans Blix is also a former Minister for Foreign Affairs and directed the Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission for 3 years . The Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh stated that Sweden must do everything possible to avert the threat posed by weapons of mass destruction . In July 2003 the Foreign Ministry of Sweden was opening a new section specializing in disarmament . Anna Lindh stated the opening of the new section is one more way to express the Swedish Government's commitment in disarmament . Lindh also expressed hope for Sweden to succeed in spreading knowledge of and arousing further interest in issues concerning disarmament . The United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission began working in Iraq in November 2003 after the regime of former president Saddam Hussein gave way to the threat of United States military action . Hans Blix stated that he had been undermined by individuals in the Pentagon because the individuals issued criticism in the U.S. press regarding Hans Blix's cautious approach and failure to locate any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . Hans Blix stated that the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission did not have enough time to complete inspection before the United States led invasion in Iraq . Hans Blix also stated that fact that the United States was now calling for patience while completing a United States led search for the suspected weapons was ironic . The United Nations Monitoring, Verification, and inspection group was set up in December 1999 .
 On 030715 Australia's government dismissed a threat by North Korea's self-appointed spokesman of a North Korean nuclear attack on Australia if Australia takes part in an international operation to prevent ships from trafficking weapons of mass destruction . North Korea's self-appointed spokesman is the Executive Director of the Centre for Korean-American peace named Kim Myong-Chol . Kim Myong-Chol purports to speak for the North Korean government and stated ABC television from Tokyo late on 030714 that North Korea would strike United States ships interdicting North Korean vessels . Kim Myong-Chol warned that if there was an interdiction of North Korean vessels the North Korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as New York and Washington . Kim Myong-Chol warned that if Australia took part in interdicting North Korean vessels that Australia could also be attacked . Kim Myong-Chol stated that the official North Korean position is, if Australia becomes part of American manipulation against North Korea then North Korea reserves the right to attack Australia . Kim Myong-Chol stated that North Korea is capable of reaching the Australian mainland anytime . Kim Myong-Chol stated that Australia lacks the capacity to reach North Korea . On 030715 Foreign Minister Alexander Downer stated that Kim Myong-Choi's comments carried no authority . Alexander Downer stated that Kim Myong-Chol is a self-appointed voice belonging to a North Korean Support Group in Japan . Alexander Downer stated that the maritime force proposed to stop trafficking in illicit weapons and drugs would operate within the frame of international law and it did not appear at this stage that any changes would be needed to strengthen international law to allow the operation to procede . Kim Myong-Chol warned astralian Prime Minister John Howard to carefully consider his approach to the North Korean issue . Kim Myong-Chol stated that the North Korean message is for Australia to watch what they say or Australia will be harmed . Prime Minister John Howard was due to leave the Philippines on 030715 for Tokyo on the second leg of his three-nation Asian tour to rally support for the United States initiative under which an international interception force may be launched to stop countries such as North Korea from importing and exporting illicit weapons and drugs . Australia is one of 11 nations which have endorsed the United States initiative and has agreed to join United States led military training exercises in 030900 . The United States initiative's goals are to partially increase pressure on North Korea . North Korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently North Korea is reported to have missiles aimed at Japan .
 On 030715 Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer dismissed North Korea's threat to strike Australia with nuclear weapons if Australia participates in an United States led operation to stop ships from trafficking weapons of mass destruction . Kim Myong-Chol is the Executive Director of the Centre for Korean-American peace . Kim Myong-Chol purports to be a spokesman for the North Korea government . Kim Myong-Chol stated to ABC television from Tokyo late 030714 that North Korea would retaliate against United States ships interdicting North Korean vessels . Kim Myong-Chol stated that North Korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as New York and Washington DC . Kim Myong-Chol stated that Australia would be attacked if Australia was part of the interdiction of North Korean vessels . Kim Myong-Chol stated that the official North Korean position was that North Korea reserves the right to strike back against Australia if Australia becomes part of American manipulation against North Korea . Kim Myong-Chol stated that North Korea had reprocessed 8000 nuclear fuel rods at North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear facility located north of Pyongyang and that North Korea is capable of reaching the Australian mainland anytime . Kim Myong-Chol stated that Australia has no capacity to reach North Korea . Alexander Downer dismissed Kim Myong-Chol's threat . Alexandert Downer stated that Kim Myong-Chol's statements were without authority and that North Korea did not have weapons with the range to reach Australia . In a statement Alexander Downer stated that Kim Myong-Chol is a self-appointed voice belonging to a North Korean Support Group in Japan . Alexander Downer stated that Australia does not believe North Korea would launch a nuclear attack against Australia or that North Korea has the capacity to fire nuclear missiles as far as Australia . Alexandert Downer stated doubts that North Korea was even capable of firing a nuclear missiles . Alexander Downer stated that the maritime force proposed to stop trafficking in illicit weapons and drugs would operate within the frame of international law and it did not appear at this stage that any changes would be needed to strengthen international law to allow the operation to go ahead . Alexander Downer stated that the conclusion of the Group of 11 countries endorsing the operation to stop ships trafficking weapons of mass destruction has been that they are acting within established international law and that the Group of 11 countries thinks that there is quite a strong legal foundation already in place to be able to interdict ships carrying nuclear weapons or nuclear weapons components . Kim Myong-Chol stated to ABC television that Prime Minister John Howard should carefully consider how the issue of the threat is approached . Kim Myong-Chol stated to ABC television that the North Korean message is for Australia to be careful with Australia says and that if Australia is not careful then Australia will be harmed . Kim Myong-Chol stated that North Korea is carefully monitoring all Australian behavior and that Australia must be careful how Australia acts towards North Korea . The comments by Kim Myong-Chol followed a strong warning by Howard on Sunday that war was not yet inevitable but the global community expected North Korea to wind back its nuclear weapons program . John Howard had planned to leave the Philippines 030715 to travel to Tokyo on the second leg of a three-nation Asia tour to rally support for the United States plan that allows an international interception force to be launched against countries trafficking in illicit weapons and drugs . Australia is one of 11 nations that have endorsed the United States plan and have agreed to join United States led military exercises in 030900 . The part of the purpose of the United States plan is to increase pressure on North Korea . North Korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and North Korea is now reported to have missiles trained on Japan .
 Chinese diplomats were quoted in the Asian Wall Street Journal on 18 July 2003 as stating that China believes North Korea currently has enough plutonium to build a nuclear bomb . This belief caused the Government of China to accelerate diplomacy to resolve the crisis and to dispatch Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Dai Bingguo to Pyongyang, North Korea on 12 July 2003 in this effort . China is North Korea's closest ally . North Korea is a Stalinist regime . Dai is presently in Washington D.C. to inform top U.S. policymakers of the outcome of the rare meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il . The newspaper stated that in recent weeks Chinese intelligence services concluded that North Korea is producing weapons-grade plutonium in sufficient quantities and possesses all the necessary components to assemble nuclear-tipped missiles . A European official familiar with internal Chinese reports on the findings and Chinese diplomats were quoted in the newspaper as stating that the reprocessed plutonium is estimated to be sufficient to make at least 1 nuclear device . The European official stated that North Korea has yet to combine the plutonium, triggering devices and other components into a bomb . The Chinese reports in part verify recent claims made by the Government of North Korea that a number of spent nuclear fuel rods sealed in 1994 have been opened and have undergone reprocessing ostensibly to produce plutonium . Until now China had stated that no evidence existed that North Korea was seeking nuclear weapons . The U.S. government has been unable to confirm the North Korean government's claims . U.S. and South Korean officials have speculated that North Korea may have 1 or 2 nuclear bombs and may have the capacity to build 6 . The Chinese government's increasing concern was made evident by the new urgency of its diplomacy this week . At a foreign ministry briefing on 17 July 2003 spokesman Kong Quan stated that the North Korean crisis was at a critical point . Kong Quan stated that China is attempting to deescalate the situation by promoting talks and encouraging the 2 parties to make peace . Kong Quan stated that it is important that the parties return to negotiations and continue with the trilateral talks that commenced in April 2003 . The trilateral talks of April ended poorly with the North Korean government stating it possessed and might test nuclear weapons . According to U.S. officials there is now a greater possibility that new talks could occur as North Korea appears willing to join another negotiating session with China and the United States . There were also indications that the dialogue could be expanded to include Japan and South Korea . South Korean officials have been quoted as saying that a dialogue could take place as early as August 2003 . The United States government has always insisted on multilateral talks and has been eager to include its Japanese and South Korean allies . North Korea has consistently demanded 1-on-1 talks with the U.S. government . The Government of China emphasizes that it is more important to resume talks quickly than to refrain until the number of participants can be agreed upon . China is a traditional ally and supplier of food and fuel to North Korea China and is therefore the country with the most leverage over North Korea . China has demonstrated that it is willing to take advantage of this leverage . Earlier in the crisis China stopped oil supplies to North Korea for several days . 2 days after North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il granted Dai the rare meeting for 14 July 2003 the regime's Korean Central News Agency announced that China had recently decided to donate 10000 tons of diesel oil to North Korea .
 Officials report that ministers from China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand will hold talks this week in the northern Thai town of Chiang Rai aimed at eliminating precursor chemicals used in drug production . The meeting will take place from 22 July 2003 - 25 July 2003 in one of the corners of the Golden Triangle and is the first of its kind . The meeting will be attended by the ministers responsible for drug suppression in China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand . Thai Justice Minister pongthep Thepkanjana will host the meeting . Deputy chief of Thailand's office of Narcotics Control Board (ONCB) rasanee Vistaveth stated the ministers from China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand are expected to adopt the Chiang Rai Declaration which will touch on the countries' commitment to solving the problem of drugs, particularly with regard to precursors and chemical trafficking . Ephedrine and pseudoephedrine are contained in legal medicines and are used to produce illegal stimulants including speed or ice which are produced in large quantities in Myanmar and then trafficked to Thailand and China and beyond . Chemical precursors are also used to turn raw opium into heroin . Rasanee stated the ministers from China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand expect to openly discuss their countries' weak points and the measures each country is taking to control these substances and prevent the substances from reaching the Golden Triangle area . Rasanee said the governments of China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand will explore ways to cooperate to intercept the illegal substances which are also used in legitimate industries . Rasanee stated every country has its own way of controlling precursors but as matter of fact many precursors still flood the Golden Triangle area . The ministers from China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation . Rasanee referred to Thailand's successful decades-long campaign to eliminate poppy growing from its territory and reported that Thailand is willing to help and share its own expertise on opium elimination by training officials . The ministers from China, Laos, India, Myanmar and Thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing .
 The Los Angeles Times in the 030804 edition Summarized results of an independent probe which strongly indicated that Iran is striving to become the world's next nuclear power and appears to be in the late stages of developing the capacity to build a nuclear bomb . The Los Angeles Times said the 3-month investigation drew on previously secret reports, international officials, independent experts, Iranian exiles and intelligence sources and uncovered strong evidence that Iran's commercial program masked a military undertaking . The Times report said that scientists from Russia, China, North Korea and Pakistan plus advancing technology have propelled Iran's nuclear program much closer to producing a bomb than Iraq ever was . The Times pointed out that some experts predict Iran might produce an initial atomic weapon in the next 2-3 years . No one is certain about the actual time frame for Iran's nuclear weapon production . Nuclear materials: . The Times said a confidential report prepared by the French Government in 030500 concluded that Iran is surprisingly close to having enriched uranium or plutonium for a bomb . A foreign intelligence service provided a copy of the report to the times . The French government warned other governments in the report to exercise the most serious vigilance on their exports to Iran and Iranian front companies . The Times report said that samples of uranium taken by UN inspectors in Iran in 030600 tested positive for enrichment levels high enough to be consistent with an attempt to build a nuclear weapon . The Iranian government also secretly imported 1.8 tons of nuclear material from China in 910000 and processed some of this nuclear material in order to manufacture uranium metal . This uranium would be of no use in Iran's commercial program but would be integral to weapons production . foreign scientists' involvement: . The Times quoted an unnamed Middle Eastern intelligence official that Pakistan's role was bigger than thought from the beginning . Abdul Qadeer Khan has helped Iran for years and is a Pakistani nuclear scientist regarded by the United States as a purveyor of nuclear secrets . The Times said people inside Iran and foreign intelligence officials say that North Korean military scientists had been recently monitored entering Iranian nuclear facilities and are assisting in the design of a nuclear warhead . There is a resort on the Caspian coast set aside for the exclusive use of North Koreans who are working on nuclear and missile projects in Iran . This indicates the number of North Koreans working in Iran on such projects . Russian scientists sometimes travel to Iran under false identities and work without the Russian government's approval to help complete a special reactor that could produce weapons-grade plutonium . New technology: . The report said Iranians have also approached European companies in recent months to buy devices that can manipulate large volumes of radioactive material . This technology is for forging uranium metal and plutonium and switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon . European intelligence sources said list of items the Iranians have wished to procure was a strong indication that Iran has moved to the late stages of weapons development .
 20031129 Secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council and senior Iranian nuclear official Hassan Rowhani stated -- . By 20040200 when director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency of the UN Mohammed El-Baradei presents a new report Iran will provide all required information and means of verification to the IAEA . The Iranian government will soon authorize its representative to the IAEA to sign the additional protocol to the Non-Proliferation Treaty . 20031126 the IAEA passed a resolution condemning Iran for 18 years of covert nuclear activities . The resolution contained a passage warning that any further non-proliferation breaches by Iran would occasion stern action . The US demanded that the Iranian government be brought before the UN Security Council for possible sanctions while Britain, France and Germany demanded that Iran be rewarded for cooperating with the IAEA since 20031000 but neither demand was met by the resolution . Prior to 20031129 Rowhani had made no statement after the 20031126 IAEA resolution . Rowhani stated -- . The suspension of uranium enrichment is provisional and voluntary and intended to build confidence . Iran continues to refuse to indefinitely suspend its uranium enrichment activities and reserves the right to recommence enrichment at any moment . Iran's uranium enrichment has prompted international concern that Iran may be capable of constructing an atomic bomb . Iran stated that the purpose its nuclear activities is peaceful . Rowhani stated that Iran wants to use enriched uranium to supply fuel for a future civil center . Rowhani stated that the Iranian government will discuss with European governments the transfer of modern technology, nuclear technology and fuel to Iran . An unprecedented mission by the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Germany in 20031000 convinced the Iranian government to -- . Declare the entirety of the country's nuclear activities . Suspend uranium enrichment . Sign the NPT additional protocol allowing stricter inspections of Iranian nuclear facilities .
 On 031202 a German technology group named Siemens stated that delicate negotiations had begun between Siemens and China to export an unused plutonium-processing facility to China and that the negotiations had support from Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder . Gerhard Schroeder is currently visiting China . News of the potential sale of the plutonium-processing facility came after Gerhard Schroeder met on 031201 with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao . German government sources stated that Wen Jiabao expressed interest in the plutonium-processing facility during the 031201 meeting with Gerhard Schroeder and that Gerhard Schroeder then promised to study Wen Jiabao's request to purchase the plutonium-processing facility . Gerhard Schroeder is on day 2 of a 3 day visit to China . Gerhard Schroeder has visited China 5 times since 990000 and has focused the visits on boosting economic relations . Gerhard Schroeder is accompanied by a strong business delegation including Siemens boss Heinrich von Pierer . Any sale of plutonium-processing facility between China and Siemens is likely to be highly politically contentious and would need the approval of Gerhard Schroeder's centre-left ruling coalition . Gerhard Schroeder's centre-left ruling coalition includes the environmentalist Greens . A previous proposal to export the plutonium-processing facility to Russia collapsed in 010000 amid political concerns . The political concerns were voiced by the Greens and others . A Siemens spokesman in Germany stated that Heinrich von Pierer stated that Siemens was beginning talks with interested Chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility . A Siemens spokesman in Germany stated that Heinrich von Pierer stated that Gerhard Schroeder stated that Gerhard Schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle . A Siemens spokesman in Germany stated to the Agence France-Presse that Siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility . A Siemens spokesman in Germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility . A Siemens spokesman in Germany stated that export permission would be needed from the German Government and that the speed of any sale of the plutonium-processing facility would be contingent upon obtaining the correct political support . A Chinese delegation has already inspected the plutonium-processing facility at Hanau in western Germany and Siemens has lodged an application for an export licence . A spokeswoman for Germany's Federal exports office confirmed Siemens's application for an export licence had been lodged with Germany's Federal exports office . A spokeswoman for Germany's Federal exports office stated to Agence France-Presse that the application for an export licence was being studied at ministerial level due to the political considerations involved . The political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility will be difficult to negotiate . The plutonium-processing facility is described as Europe's largest plutonium plant producing fuel for nuclear reactors and was completed in 910000 at a cost of 700 million euros . The plutonium-processing facility never went into operation and was abandoned in 950000 . The Hanau plutonium-processing facility was abandoned after safety concerns . Siemens stated that the Hanau plutonium-processing facility was also abandoned due to political difficulties at a time of growing debate about the future of nuclear power . The Environment Minister of Hesse state was the Greens member Joschka Fischer who is now Germany's Foreign Minister . Hesse state includes Hanau where the plutonium-processing facility is located . The plutonium-processing facility is estimated to be worth about 50 million euros on 031202 . Siemens would not comment on the plutonium-processing facility's estimated value of 50 million euros . The environmental group Greenpeace urged the German Government to refuse the sale of the plutonium-processing facility . Greenpeace stated that any sale of the plutonium-processing facility would effectively mark a German contribution to political destabilisation in the Far East . Greenpeace stated that the fuel of the plutonium-processing facility could be refined to extract weapons-grade material and that the plutonium-processing facility should be scrapped .
 4 December 2003 German Defense Minister Peter Struck stated that Germany will export a plutonium facility to China only if China guarantees to use it only for peaceful purposes . The export is controversial . Struck spoke in an interview to the Neue Presse daily . The ruling centre-left coalition has criticized the proposed sale of the plutonium facility . German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder stated earlier this week he will investigate China's request to buy the plutonium facility . Schroeder recently visited China . Struck stated -- . Schroeder is correct to promise to examine the proposed exportation . China must guarantee that the plutonium factory will not be used for military purposes but to produce atomic energy . The sale is a highly emotional subject . Struck is confident the coalition will settle its disagreements . If China makes the guarantee struck will not be concerned about the sale of the facility . Earlier on 4 December 2003 Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao stated -- . A Chinese company discussed a possible sale of the facility with owner German technology group Siemens . The facility would be used for civil purposes and has no military goal . The facility would have nothing to do with non-proliferation issues . The facility was completed in 1991 . The facility would have been Europe's largest plant producing fuel for atomic power stations . The facility never went into operation . In 1995 the facility was abandoned under pressure from environmentalist party the Greens . The Greens party is now junior partner in Schroeder's coalition . Senior green members such as co-leader Angelika Beer demand the sale to China be refused . Germany is phasing out atomic energy for environmental reasons and senior green members state that it would be hypocritical of Germany to export an atomic energy facility . According to press reports Greens Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer has agreed to a sale . Some members of of Schroeder's Social Democrat Party protest the sale . Schroeder has publicly expressed his support of the sale . The plutonium facility is located in Hanau, western Germany . Joschka Fischer is the Greens' most charismatic figure .
 20031209 77 of 81 members of the Brazilian Senate approved restrictions on the sale of firearms and enhanced sentences for those found guilty of trafficking illegal guns . The legislation increases minimum age for purchasing a firearm from 21 to 25 and proposes a referendum on the ban of firearm sales in 20051000 . The lower chamber of deputies has already passed the bill . The legislation must be signed into law by President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva to take effect . Senator Cesar Borges of the liberal Front party sponsored the bill and stated that the reduction of Brazil's 50000 annual gun deaths would be a momentous achievement . Brazil has one of the world's highest rates of gun-related murders .
 Sources close to the investigation said on 031216 that al-Qaeda officer Mohammed Hamdi al-Ahdal has revealed under interrogation that unnamed Saudis and Yemenis were involved in funding two terrorist attacks in Yemen . Saudi-born adhal's alias is Abu Issam al-Maki and was al-Qaeda's leader in Yemen . Ahdal was arrested 031100 . Ahdal revealed that the financing of the attacks against the USS Cole in 001000 and the French supertanker Limburg in 021000 October and other terrorist attacks went through Ahdal and originated from Saudis and Yemenis residing outside . Ahdal told investigators the money came in installments and in small quantities in order to avoid detection . Ahdal told the investigators all the financial and technical preparations for the attacks of both the USS Cole and Limburg were supervised by Ahdal and revealed that one of the two suicide bombers in the USS Cole attack carried the family name of Al-thore . The Saudi-owned Al-majala weekly magazine's current edition said that Saudis and Yemenis were implicated in the terrorist attacks in Yemen . Al-majala said the Government of Yemen informed Saudi authorities of information revealed by Ahdal under investigation reagrding Saudi persons involved in the funding and that Yemeni authorities are preparing to receive Saudi officers in joining the investigation . Al-majala said Yemeni authorities refused a Saudi request asking for Ahdal to be extradited for interrogation in Saudi Arabia because the Yemeni Constitution disallows the handing over of Yemeni citizens regardless of any charges . A Saudi team of investigators is currently in Yemen . Yemeni authorities believe Ahdal is the second-in-command to Ali Qaed Sunian al-Harithi . Ali Qaed Sunian al-Harithi's alias was Abu Ali al-Harithi . Harithi was among the six al-Qaeda suspects killed in November 021100 in a missile attack by the US Central Intelligence Agency in the desert region of Al-Naqaa east of Sanaa in Marib province . Yemen is the ancestral homeland of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and has been under pressure from the US government since the 010911 attacks on the US to crack down on presumed Al-Qaeda militants .
 Smugglers are undermining international efforts headed by the UN World Health Organization (WHO) and Agricultural Organization (FAO) to eradicate bird flu by trafficking illegal live poultry that threaten to spread the disease to new areas . Attempts to halt bird flu spread -- . Agriculture and customs officials have increased border checks throughout the affected region to halt illicit trade . Recent arrests of live poultry smugglers have occurred at checkpoints . Most affected Asian countries have banned the import and export of live and slaughtered poultry to prevent the movement of potentially infected chickens and ducks across borders . Senior FAO Animal Production and Health Officer in Asia Hans Wagner stated -- . The FAO is concerned and well aware that there is copious uncontrolled movement of animals between borders in some Asian countries . Smuggling occurs chiefly across the Green or uncontrolled borders of Vietnam, Laos, Thailand, Cambodia, Myanmar and China is likely a source for spreading the flu and other diseases . Authorities in Vietnam stated that smuggling of meat and fruit from China has increased drastically in the past year . Vietnam has experienced 9 flu fatalities and is the country worst affected by the disease . Preventing smuggling from Vietnam is difficult because the country's extensive land borders with China, Laos and Cambodia are poorly controlled by a notoriously corrupt customs department . Most nations have tightened border controls in accordance with FAO and WHO advisories . 20040120 Cambodian authorities detained 10 in the southern province of Ta KEO for importing over 150000 duck eggs from Vietnam . Cambodia has continuously been combating chicken and egg smuggling from Vietnam and is on high alert . 20040202 Taiwan tightened security against smugglers following the discovery in 20031200 of H5N1 in ducks smuggled from mainland China . Taiwan has previously successfully controlled an outbreak of the milder H5N2 flu strain . Taiwanese coastguards increased patrols around the island and several island groups off the Chinese mainland . Approximately 8000 poultry and pig farmers were vaccinated against human flu to prevent it mutating with bird flu strains . India is free of the disease but has deployed hundreds of soldiers to the border with Myanmar . Myanmar has no reported H5N1 cases but Indian officials suspect that poultry could be smuggled through Myanmar from Thailand . Thailand is one of the countries worst affected by the virus . Hong Kong authorities have increased security along the border with China . The Government stated that illegally slaughtered poultry imports increased by 15 percent from 2002 to 2003 . The Customs and Excise Department reportedly seized 29266 kilograms of chilled or frozen poultry in 2003 compared with 1749 kilograms in 2002 . Customs spokesman Richard law stated that the Department performs frequent checks on smuggling activities and have now increased efforts to inspect cargoes . The H5N1 flu strain has caused 13 deaths and reported outbreaks in 10 countries .
 The China Business Post reported 040209 that German auto giant Volkswagen AG had decided against the further transfer of a technical platform for the Santana sedan model to joint venture partner Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp (SAIC) . Discontinuing these technology transfers would cause several millions of yuan's of losses to SAIC . The China Business Post said SAIC had invested large sums in the scheduled acquisition of the Platform, including acquiring an auto manufacturing plant in Yizheng city in eastern Jiangsu province . The reported plan was for SAIC to produce a new sedan model designed on the Santana platform and with the car set to be launched in 040500 . The China Business Post said the termination was due in part to Volkswagen's adjustment of strategies regarding China and to ineffective communication with Volkswagen's Chinese partners . Volkswagen on 040209 rejected this China Business Post report that Volkswagen had put a stop to technology transfers of Santana sedans to SAIC . Volkswagen group China spokeswoman Melanie Behrens said that the statements made in the China Business Post about the stop of knowledge transfer from VW to SAIC are not true . Behrens said that Volkswagen does not know where these claims came from and is still working on the subject and trying to clarify the situation . SAIC was not immediately available for comment . SAIC also has a joint venture with US-based General Motors . Analysts said this issue highlights what might be an increasing problem for foreign auto makers as China's government increases support of domestic car companies in hopes of building stand-alone name brands . Many Chinese car-makers with overseas venture partners have begun researching and developing cars independently . Volkswagen is China's number one passenger car-maker and has two joint ventures in China, Shanghai Volkswagen Automotive Company and Faw (First Automotive Works) Volkswagen Automotive Company . Approximately 633000 of Volkswagen's own cars were sold in China in 030000, up from 510000 in 020000 . SAIC sold a total of 800000 sedans in 030000 . SAIC's sedan sales topped other domestic auto makers, most of which are volkswagens and General Motors' buicks .
 Foreign Minister Abdel Rahman Shalgam stated on 10 February 2004 during a visit to London that Libyan officials had all the means to make weapons of mass destruction but never decided to produce the weapons . Shalgam's visit to London is the first by a Libyan foreign minister since 1969 . Shalgam stated during a press conference alongside British Foreign Minister Jack Straw that Libyan officials have had the equipment, the material, the know-how and the scientists to make weapons of mass destruction . Shalgam stated that having flour, water and fire does not mean having bread . Officials in Tripoli stated on 19 December 2003 that Libyan officials were abandoning Tripoli's weapons of mass destruction program following months of secret talks with British and U.S. officials . Shalgam stated the program's abandonment was not imposed on Libyan officials . Shalgam stated Libyan officials want American and British aid which would be more beneficial to Libya than making weapons of mass destruction . Straw stated the Libyan officials' decision was a courageous step and that the announcement of the decision paved the way for the former pariah state of Libya's reintegration into the international community . Straw stated that the announcement showed that problems of proliferation can with good will be tackled through discussion and engagement . Straw stated the Libyan officials' decision should benefit the whole region and make the world a safer place . Straw stated that progress was being made on moves to dismantle Libya's program following the announcement in December 2003 .
 A draft report prepared for the EU executive stated that the European Union should massively increase research on security issues in order to better protect civilians from terrorist attacks . The report is created by a working group including Research Commissioner Philippe Busquin and enterprise Commissioner Erkki Liikanen . It recommends that up to two billion euros be spent per year on a vast pan-European research program . The European Security Research Program (ESRP) would receive EU funding beginning in 2007 . It is the most ambitious of several recommendations the group is likely to issue when it presents its final conclusions in two or three weeks . The draft report recommends starting security research funding with one billion euros per year in 2007 . It will then slowly increase the annual budget to two billion euros . European spending currently lags behind the United States . The United States' Homeland Security Department receives one billion dollars annually plus research credit from the Defense Department . The report stated that there is no reason why European Security Research should not be funded at a level similar to the United States . The European Commission strategy allows for a preliminary period of studies and pilot projects from 2004 to 2006 . It promotes EU-wide synergies in research on top safety issues including protection against bio-terrorism and improved networking between civilian and military authorities across the continent . 65 million euros have been earmarked for the 2004-2006 phase of the research program according to an exploratory Plan of Action presented by the Commission on February 3, 2004 . The Working Group on security research was formed last October and includes EU parliamentarians and experts from related industries in addition to the two commissioners .
 France's top anti-terrorist judge Jean-Louis Bruguiere stated to AFP 29 February 2004 that al-Qaeda is still capable of inspiring people to carry out attacks despite being much weaker since the 11 September 2001 attacks and the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan . Bruguiere has led the French legal effort against extremism and terrorism in recent years . Bruguiere stated -- . The global fight against terrorism is against an increasingly elusive enemy with access to funds virtually impossible to control . The threat comes from long-standing members of al-Qaeda . Al-Qaeda is an organization which still exists but has been significantly weakened by the neutralization and capture of a number of its members and of those in charge . In an interview in Monaco Bruguiere called global terrorism a scattered and polymorphous threat . Bruguiere was in Monaco attending a meeting of the international organization involved in Mediterranean political studies called club of Monaco . Dozens of alleged members of al-Qaeda have been captured or killed since the group claimed responsibility for the 11 September attacks on New York and Washington D.C. but authorities have not been able to locate al-Qaeda's leader Osama bin Laden or his top deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri . On 24 February 2004 Zawahiri appeared in 2 taped messages broadcast by the Arab-language Al-Arabiya and Al-Jazeera television stations calling in remarks attributed to him for renewed attacks on the United States . Bruguiere stated -- . Restraining extremist groups particularly across Europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed . The networks operating in Europe benefit from micro-financing and not from macro-financing . Fraudulent charge cards could be used to withdraw significant sums which are then distributed through micro-channels outside the classic financial circles and are practically impossible to detect . Use of false credit cards is growing . It is necessary to expand existing laws to combat the funding mechanisms . All existing legal or institutional measures are insufficient to neutralize this threat . Al-Qaeda is only 1 of many worldwide threats among the many radical Islamic organizations involved in an international jihad and sharing the al-Qaeda strategy that are pursuing regional options . The groups are particularly active in Africa, Asia and Europe . Bruguiere made these comments before going into a meeting with approximately 40 high-ranking or former top international officials . Since the September 2001 strikes on the United States deadly large-scale attacks have occurred in other parts of the world . Among the targets have been a synagogue in northern Tunisia, a nightclub in Bali, a hotel in Kenya and numerous locations in Chechnya and Russia . Analysts have warned that Iraq could become a breeding ground for terrorist organizations if a political solution is not found soon . The United States and Britain invaded Iraq nearly a year ago despite massive international opposition .
 On 05 March 2004 Amnesty International called on the Lao Government to ensure that 100s of ethnic Hmong anti-government insurgents and their families who had reportedly surrendered were treated humanely . From its London headquarters Amnesty International issued a statement saying that the Lao People's Democratic Republic has international obligations in this regard under the Geneva Conventions and the 2 UN covenants . On 03 March 2004 the U.S. government-funded network Radio Free Asia reported -- . Up to 700 insurgents and their relatives and 8 rebel commanders surrendered after government troops surrounded several northern holdouts in late February 2004 . Troops used leaflets and megaphones to help communicate to the rebels that authorities would grant them amnesty and a special living area if they surrendered . Approximately 300 people surrendered near Luang Prabang after traveling on foot from farther north and between 300 and 400 people surrendered in Xieng Khouang province . Amnesty International stated it had received conflicting reports as to their reception and treatment by the authorities . Lao Foreign Ministry Spokesman Yong Chanthalangsy denied that anyone had surrendered insisting also that there were no rebels in the impoverished communist nation . Yong Chanthalangsy told AFP that no one surrendered, that there are no rebels and there is no war in Laos . Yong Chanthalangsy stated that there are many people coming out of the forests to take advantage of Lao poverty eradication programs . Following a series of deadly highway ambushes and bomb blasts the Lao Government called in August 2003 on Hmong and others whom they called ethnic minority bandits to lay down their arms, to come out from the forest and to rejoin society . The Lao Government warned that failure to do so would result in heavy consequences . Small bands of ethnic minority rebels predominantly Hmong remain from the CIA-sponsored guerrilla army mobilized to wage the United States' secret campaign in Laos during the Vietnam War . Some 300000 Hmong fled to Thailand after the Communist takeover in Laos in 1975 but the remaining rebels have continued a low-level, ineffective insurgency for nearly three decades . The Lao military has been accused by human rights groups of using harsh and often brutal tactics to eliminate them . Amnesty International called on the Lao Government to provide UN agencies and other non-governmental organizations access to all those who have put down their arms in order to assist with basic humanitarian needs . Amnesty International stated -- . Longer term assistance with their reintegration into Lao society will also be needed . It is essential that neutral observers are given access to these groups of former rebels in order to independently assess their situation and the veracity of ongoing claims of serious human rights violations being made by overseas ethnic Hmong groups . The Lao Government should seize this opportunity to find a peaceful solution to decades of fighting and the high human cost on all sides of the conflict . In January 2004, U.S.-based Lao exiles warned that Lao forces had launched a new offensive against 1000s of Hmong rebels and civilians and accused the communist regime of using starvation as a weapon of war .
 29 March 2004 French energy and transport company Alstom president Patrick Kron announced -- . Alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between Beijing and Shanghai . Alstom is competing against Japanese company Shinkansen and German company ice for the contract . The tender has not been announced by Chinese authorities . Alstom seeks to develop further business in Asia . Alstom is well-placed to receive the Beijing-Shanghai rail link contract . 23 March 2004 the high-speed ktx train launched in Seoul . The ktx was manufactured in South Korea using technology transferred by Alstom . Kron stated -- . Alstom is willing to negotiate a technology transfer deal in China . A similar technology transfer deal was signed in 1994 for the ktx . Technology transfer was Alstom's entry-ticket to Asia . Alstom wishes to develop local partnerships to reduce costs . Beijing-Shanghai rail link represents China's potential for development in transport including freight, subways and energy . In 2003 China ordered as much energy equipment as the rest of the world in total . The Beijing-Shanghai rail link would be 1,000-kilometres (620-miles) long . Building the Beijing-Shanghai rail link would cost an estimated 100 million yuan (12 million dollars) . The Beijing-Shanghai rail link would reduce traveling time from Beijing to Shanghai from 12 to 5 hours . Alstom is involved in large-scale infrastructure projects the Three Gorges Dam in southwest China and Daya Bay Nuclear thermal power station near Hong Kong . Beijing is China's capital . Shanghai is China's business hub . Shanghai is located on China's eastern coast .
 European Union COMPANIES THREATEN job relocation to the ten countries that will join the EU on May 1, 2004 . It has caused concern and criticism from the current states that ignored the impending signs for several years . Unemployment is a chronic problem for several EU states . The issue in Germany has increased tempers to near the boiling point . The DIHK Federation of Chambers of Commerce in March increased tensions by backing a campaign for companies to stop supporting Germany . DIHK President Ludwig Georg Braun advised companies not to wait for better policies . Companies should act and take advantage of the opportunities offered by Europe's eastward expansion . Braun's remarks were called unpatriotic by German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and Parliament President Wolfgang Thierse . On April 1, 2004 Siemens said it might move jobs from its mobile phone and cordless telephone factories in Kamp-lintfort and bocholt in Germany to Hungary . Costs are 30 percent lower in Hungary . Former French Finance Minister Francis Mer warned companies in January that they have a duty to think of their country . Otherwise they will be stateless . France is urged to increase research funding and support for innovations as a way to deal with the problem . Junior Trade Minister Francois Loos said that French auto plants in Poland have earned more than two times the amount invested in them . Concern focuses on the loss of service and qualified jobs . Economists are divided . Some say that many transferable posts have already moved abroad and others predict that the phenomenon will develop further . New Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy was looking at measures to favor those who do not relocate . On April 22, 2004 Loos stated that there are no French companies to Loos's knowledge that are halting production in France to open a factory in the eastern countries . These kinds of relocations correspond to a bygone era . Eastern advantages in lower labor astern Europe and Asia . The Italian Employers Federation cofindustria sees opportunities for investment and trade with the new EU members . Several are close by . Deputy Trade Minister Adolfo Urso welcomed the entry of neighboring Slovenia . Urso said it would provide an open door to the Balkans . Many small and medium sized Italian companies have already begun establishing themselves in eastern Europe, for the most part in Romania .
 Under the pressure of the European Union the Albanian Government has escalated its fight against drug trafficking by preparing a new strategy to halt the smuggling of hashish and heroin over Albanian territory from Asia towards the West . A recent EU report on Albania stated the situation in Albania, which has remained an important country for the traffic of narcotics, is worrisome . The report suggested the Tirana government adopt an efficient strategy in the Government's efforts against drug trafficking . Albanian interior minister Igli Toska stated -- . The fight against drug trafficking will be the Albanian government's main challenge in 2004 . The Albanian Government has been working on a project of national strategy which will require international support and cooperation . Albania's geographic position, Albania's trade with Turkey and Greece, and the situation after the Kosovo war are all elements Albanian criminal groups profit from, thereby making Albania an important stop for the transit of narcotics . In July 2004 the Albanian government plans to present a set of anti-Mafia laws which will allow confiscation of property belonging to persons involved in criminal and illegal activities . Albanian justice minister Adrian dvorani stated the anti-Mafia laws also provide for the special protection of witnesses or people involved in illegal trafficking who decide to testify and will enable a more efficient strategy . Albanian officials aspire to EU membership . The Albanian government has made a significant development in the government's fight against drug smugglers in 2004 . In 2003 Albanian police infiltrated an international drug network operating between Kosovo, Macedonia, Albania and Italy and controlled by the Kosovo Albanian and Turkish criminal groups linked with the Calabrian Mafia organization N'Drangheta . In May 2004 approximately 100 policemen -- 25 of them in top positions -- were dismissed on suspected ties with organized crime . 60 others have been investigated on similar charges . Toska stated there will be no smugglers without corrupted policemen and Toska announced tougher measures against policemen and security officials linked with criminal groups . The EU report quotes the names of several Albanian politicians directly or indirectly involved in drugs trafficking but no measures have so far been taken against the politicians . Albanian police forces have seized more than 200 kilos (440 pounds) of heroin and around 8 tons of cannabis between November 2003 and May 2004, double that which was seized in 2003 . Experts say the figures of drugs seized are insignificant compared to the estimated quantities of narcotics that are smuggled through Albania . International Police experts based in Tirana estimate the value of the narcotics in transit at over 2 billion dollars (about 1.6 billion euros) per year . Experts estimate the amount smuggled through Albania makes up approximately 25 to 30 percent of the narcotics smuggled into the European market from the Balkans . Albanian police official Xhavit Shala stated Albanian smugglers are linked to the international criminal organizations like (the Italian) sacra Corona UNITA, Cosa Nostra, the Turkish, Russian, Macedonian and Kosovar mafia, and the Colombian drug cartels . Bujar Mema of the Albanian Interpol Office stated that drug smugglers have reappeared due to increasing consumption of narcotics in Europe and the production of opium from Afghanistan, which has reached the level of the years before the US intervention in 2001 with 3600 tons produced in 2003 .
 On 26 June 2004 Myanmar's military rulers burned over 710 kilograms of opium, 353 kilograms of heroin, 2.6 million methamphetamine pills, and other drugs in a make-shift incinerator set up at Yangon's drugs Elimination Museum . International diplomats witnessed the incineration . The incinerated drugs had a total value of approximately 247 million dollars . Myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking . One of the heads Myanmar's Central Committee for Drug Abuse Control, General Khin yii, stated the drug incineration on 26 June 2004 was the 18th time the regime had incinerated tons of illegal narcotics . Khin yii stated that 14.45 billion dollars worth of drugs have been destroyed since the drug destroying events began in 1990 . Khin yii stated that opium production and poppy cultivation has declined since 1990 but that methamphetamines are replacing opium as the main choice of traffickers . Khin yii stated that stimulant tablets are becoming a threat but did not elaborate on the extent of methamphetamine production or trafficking . The United Nations stated that opium production has declined by 24 percent in Myanmar since 2003 . In March 2004 the United States stated that while Myanmar had reduced poppy cultivation Myanmar remained the world's 2nd ranked supplier of opium from which derivatives such as heroin are made . Thai government stated in early 2004 that Thai government was considering building a high-security fence along Thailand's border with Myanmar in a bid to stop smugglers trafficking illegal drugs into Thailand .
 On 19 July 2004 Nicaraguan Cardinal Miguel Obando accepted apologies and issued a pardon to former Sandinista leader Daniel oretga . Nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the Sandinista revolution . The Sandinista revolution ended the dictatorship of Anastasio Somoza and imposed a Cuban-style leftist regime . A mass commemorated those who killed during the Sandinista revolution and those killed during the Sandinista war against US-funded contra rebels in the 1980s . During the mass Ortega crossed himself and asked Obando to forgive him . Obando stated that the pardon that has been offered and accepted is an indispensable premise of a stable and durable peace . The Sandinistas have been accused of persecuting Catholic priests during the 1979-1990 Sandinista rule . The Sandinistas accused the Church of anti-government activities . The Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) is currently Nicaragua's primary political opposition group . The Sandinista group is named after Agusto Cesar Sandino . In the 1930s Agusto Cesar Sandino fought the US marines that supported the government of Anastasio Somoza's father . Former FSLN guerrilla fighter Dora Maria Tellez stated that the Sandinista revolution was one of the most influential events in his life . Tellez was in the FSLN's national leadership . The Sandinista Government made broad social and political reforms . Illiteracy in Nicaragua fell from 53 to 12 percent . Homes were given to 90000 poor families . An agrarian reform program distributed 2 million hectares of land to small farmers . Throughout the 1980s a proxy war between the US and the USSR was fought in Nicaragua . In a war against US-funded right-wing contra rebels -- . Approximately 50000 people on both sides were killed . Sandinista financial reserves were drained . 1000s of land mines are still on Nicaragua's northern border . Nicaraguans are uneasy with the Sandinista legacy . Former vice president under Ortega Sergio Ramirez stated -- . There are plenty of open wounds from the Sandinista legacy . Nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the Sandinista revolution . More than half of Nicaragua was not yet born when the FSLN ended Somoza's nearly 50 year-old dictatorship in 1979 . Former guerrilla leader Eden pastora states that the revolution was one of the most beautiful revolutions in Latin America . Pastora left the Sandinistas and led rebels in a failed attempt to topple Sandinista regime . Many other Sandinista leaders left Ortega and Ortega's hard-line supporters in the 1990s . The Sandinista party remains well run . The Sandinista party has been out of power since 1990 . Nicaragua is run by right-wing parties . Current Nicaraguan President Enrique Bolanos stated that the Sandinista party has nothing to celebrate because they did much damage to Nicaragua . Leftist groups from across the Americas met over the weekend to discuss regional issues as part of the anniversary event .
 20 July 2004 -- Suspected Chinese hackers have attacked the website of Taiwan's military news agency . The Taiwan Defense Ministry announced that -- . The attack took place on the night of 19 July 2004 . The attack took place 2 days before the Taiwanese air force was scheduled to practice emergency landings on a freeway . The hackers replaced the Agency's homepage with the slogan reunification with Taiwan in 2021 . The agency affiliated with the Taiwan Defense Ministry was forced to close down its website . An identical attack occurred in June 2004 . Suspected Chinese hackers attacked Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party's website . Last week Hong Kong's Wen Wei Po daily newspaper quoted Chinese military sources as stating that Taiwan must rejoin China or face military action within 20 years . Wen Wei Po stated that -- . China's threat is the first-ever ultimatum to reclaim sovereignty over Taiwan . China issued an ultimatum to Taiwan in response to Taiwan's recent pro-independence provocation . Unnamed military sources stated -- . Former Chinese President and Central Military Commission Chairman Jiang Zemin discussed using force to achieve Taiwan's reunification in a speech at a Beijing military conference . Taiwan's emergency landing practice is a measures against an attack by China . T2 French-made Mirage 2000-5s are scheduled to land, refuel and load ammunition on the road in Tainan, southern Taiwan . Defense Ministry spokesman Huang Suey-Sheng stated that practice landings are designed to review the tawainese Air Force's capability in using freeways for emergency landings and logistic support in case of war . China has increased rhetoric since Chen's re-election in March 2004 . China reiterated a long-standing vow to take Taiwan by force should Chen attempt to claim formal independence . China has considered Taiwan part of Chinese territory since China and Taiwan split at the end of a civil war in 1949 . China awaits China's reunification with Taiwan . Wen Wei Po newspaper is pro-Beijing .
 Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Najib Razak said 040720 that Malaysia has agreed in principle to purchase medium-range missiles from China . The Bernama news agency said that under the pact between China National precision Machinery Import and Export Corp. and two local companies, cnpmiec would transfer technology on production of the FN-6 shoulder-launched missiles if Malaysia purchases cnpmiec's medium-range ks-1 A missiles . Included were provisions for special test facilities, tools, manufacturing process documentation, training and technical support . Razak said after signing a memorandum of understanding on the purchase that if the Malaysian government gives its full commitment, details of the procurement and offset program will be finalized later . Razak was quoted by Bernama as saying that the procurement of the surface-to-air missiles was part of the Malaysian Armed Forces modernization program and would be made under the 9th Malaysian plan from 060000-090000 . The cost of the weapons were not revealed . Cnpmiec President Wang bingyan said China had also offered to conclude the ks-1 A transaction on flexible payment terms, including counter-trade, barter and deferred payments . Bernama said Malaysia had procured very short-range air defense systems from Russia, Pakistan and Britain under the 8th Malaysian plan from 010000-050000 . The Government has dramatically increased major arms procurements in 030000-040000, ranging from Russian Sukhoi fighter jets and British missile systems to French submarines and Polish attack tanks . The Government of Malaysia has denied the weapons build-up could spark an arms race in the region and says the purchases are simply designed to upgrade defenses and that there are no aggressive intentions .
 Prime Minister-in-waiting Shaukat Aziz stated 28 July 2004 that Pakistan's top economic body approved the installation of a second nuclear power plant to be supplied by China . Finance Minister Aziz stated on national television that the National Economic Council has approved phase 2 of the Chashma nuclear power project to cost approximately 51 billion rupees (880 million U.S. dollars) . The plant will generate 300 megawatts of electricity . A statement issued by the Executive Committee on the National Economic Council said -- . It had approved installation of a nuclear power plant approximately 174 miles south of Islamabad at Chashma, Mianwali . The project comprises a nuclear steam supply system, a turbine generator set and auxiliary equipment including electrical, mechanical and civil work . The project anticipates technology transfer with the ultimate goal that the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission would be self-sufficient in all aspects of designing, installation, construction and operation . The plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by China and operational since 1999 . The second plant will be ready to generate electricity in 7 years . The agreement to install the plant was signed in May 2004 by China National Nuclear Corporation President Kang Rixin and Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission Chairman Pervez Butt in Islamabad . Pakistan has relied heavily on long-time friend and ally China for its defense needs since 1990 when the United States stopped supplying it with military hardware because of its nuclear program . Pakistan confirmed it had nuclear weapons in May 1998 when it matched tests conducted by India .
 The website of a controversial war shrine in Toyko called Yasukuni Shrine experienced many abnormal visits from abroad on August 7, 2004 . The abnormal visits caused the website to have browsing problems . At one point more than 30000 visits to the Yasukuni Shrine website were made at the same time . The homepage of the website of Yasukuni Shrine was not damaged by the hacking attempts . No official was immediately available from Yasukuni Shrine to confirm the reports . Yasukuni Shrine and Japanese government offices may have come under cyber attack from Chinese hackers in the run-up to the Asian Cup football final between Japan and China in Beijing on August 7, 2004 . The suspected cyber attacks on Yasukuni Shrine's website coincided with rowdy behavior by Chinese fans who have repeatedly booed the Japanese football team and anthem as the Japanese football team entered the Asian Cup final against the host China . A pro-Beijing newspaper in Hong Kong stated that Chinese hackers were mobilizing 1900 people to wage cyber attacks on more than 200 official websites in Japan and Taiwan from August 1, 2004 until August 8, 2004 . The Wen Wei Po stated on August 6, 2004 that the Chinese hackers were thought to have been organized by the China Federation of defending the Diaoyu Islands . Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and his predecessors have angered Asian neighbors who suffered under Japanese occupation by making pilgrimages to Yasukuni Shrine . China, Republic of Korea and the Democratic Republic of Korea were especially angered . Yasukuni Shrine is widely seen in Asia as a symbol of Japan's militarism . Yasukuni Shrine honors the Japanese who died in wars, including the World War II leaders hanged by the US led allies as war criminals . The Diaoyu Islands are a group of East China Sea islets claimed by Japan, China and Taiwan .
 Taiwan's Promos Technologies Inc. dismissed reports 04 November 2004 that its technology transfer agreement with South Korea's Hynix Semiconductor Inc. might falter due to concern from the Government of South Korea . A promos official stated to AFP -- . Reports that the South Korean government is concerned that Hynix would be helping foreign competitors by establishing a partnership with promos are not true . The pending agreement is unaffected . Promos will adopt Hynix's 90 nanometer technology at its new plant in central Taiwan starting in fourth quarter 2005 . Both makers of dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chips have exchanged information on Hynix's 90 and 70 nanometer technologies . The company Promos stated that it has passed on to Hynix its expertise in 12-inch (300 millimeter) production . The 2 DRAM makers signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) in 2003 to initiate a long-term strategic alliance in technology licensing, foundry services and development of new generation memory production processes . Hynix stated that the new alliance would represent nearly one quarter of the world's DRAM output . The MOU states that Hynix will license to promos certain proprietary technology for DRAM stack processes while promos offers Hynix its 12-inch fabrication capacity .
 The Afghanistan Interior Ministry made a statement 050222 that approximately 47 kilograms (103 pounds) of brown heroin, 830 kilograms of opium, 3.5 tons of hashish and an opium press had been destroyed by the special Narcotics Force . The statement also said the special Narcotics Force also seized 47 weapons and detained 10 people in Helmand province . No further details were given and the ministry did not say whether the 10 people arrested were traffickers or ordinary farmers who were growing the narcotics . Afghanistan's special Narcotics Force was launched 040000 after being trained by British commandos . Afghanistan is now the leading producer of opium and grows 87 percent of the world's supply of the narcotic according to UN figures . Afghanistan had a 64 percent increase in opium production in 040000 and has also become a base for heroin refining over 040000 . The Afghan government is receiving support by the international community in taking a harder line on the issue . President Hamid Karzai declared a holy war on drugs shortly after being elected president in 041000 . The US has pledged $780 million to battle Afghanistan's burgeoning drug industry . British Foreign Minister Jack Straw said during a visit to Kabul 040213-040219 that London would double its funding for fighting the drug industry problem from $50 million dollars to $100 million starting from the next financial year beginning 050400 .
 A massive amount of information flooded the homepage of the Japanese Foreign Ministry, www.mofa.go.jp, beginning at 9:50 am (0050 GMT) on 17 March 2005 . Access to the website has been erratic . Japanese foreign press secretary Hatsuhisa Takashima termed the flood of information a cyber attack and stated that officials are working to fix the problem . Kyodo News cited a Japanese government source and stated the latest attack may have come from South Korea . On 16 March 2005 a Japanese local assembly passed a resolution stressing the Japanese government's claim to a small island chain controlled by South Korea . Anti-Japanese protests occurred in Seoul after the passage of the resolution . Japanese government websites have come under occasional cyber attacks especially from countries which Japan invaded in the first half of the 20th century . In January 2005, administrators of the Yasukuni Shrine dedicated to Japan's war dead stated the Yasukuni Shrine's website had been the target of Internet attacks . Most of these attacks were via e-mails written in Chinese . In 2000, hackers accessed Japanese government websites and left messages in Chinese and English ranging from insults to attacks on Japan's wartime past, after Japanese conservative groups held a forum in the western city of Osaka to deny the 1937 massacre in the Chinese city of Nanjing by Japanese troops .
 Taiwan's chip company United Microelectronics Corp (UMC) announced on March 21, 2005 that it would obtain a 15 percent stake in China-based chipmaker hejian technology through a compensation package . The stake was valued at 3.5 billion Taiwan dollars (110 million US dollars) and the investment goes to the core of cross-Straits investment ties . Both companies are being investigated in Taiwan for alleged breach of trust . UMC Chairman Robert Tsao said the company had submitted a letter to Taiwan's Investment Commission asking for assistance in transferring the stake . It said it was compensation for previous assistance . UMC manufactures cutting-edge microchips . The chips are installed in a wide range of computers and electronics found in mobile phones, televisions and cars . The technology is highly prized in Taiwan . Market analysts believe the assistance involved a technology transfer from UMC to hejian and the compensation through the stake represents a payment . No cash changed hands . Tsao said the letter followed a verbal promise made by hejian technology to pay UMC a reasonable amount of compensation . That included a commitment to merge the two companies . Tsao said no formal written agreements had been signed . Both companies would next seek a strategic partnership if the Investment Commission approved the deal . UMC is the world's second largest wafer foundry and has recognized its investment in hejian which had previously been denied . Taiwan authorities lifted a ban in March 2002 on mainland-bound investment in eight-inch (200 millimeter) silicon wafer plants . This followed assurances from potential investors that the island would not lose out on transferred technology . Prosecutors raided the homes and offices of UMC executives in February 2005 as part of a probe into the alleged illegal supply of funds, technology and human resources to hejian . Hejian was founded in November 2001 with capital of 350 million U.S. dollars . Its Chairman Hsu Chien-hua has been barred from leaving Taiwan after being bailed out of police custody for 10 million Taiwan dollars . Tsao and UMC vice chairman John hsuan have also been named as defendants in on-going investigations . UMC has never sought government approval for China-bound investments . The company has previously called hejian technology a friendly company while denying any financial ties between the two . Only UMC peer Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. has received official approval to build a plant in Shanghai . Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. is the world's biggest contract microchip-maker .
 Vice-Chief of Naval Staff Yashwant Prasad in India stated March 22, 2005 that India will close a $2 billion dollar deal under which the Indian Navy will buy 6 French Scorpene submarines in a few days . The deal has been in process for several years . The deal will also include a technology transfer that will allow the Scorpene submarines to be manufactured under license in India at the mazagaon docks off the western city of Bombay . The goal of the submarine deal is to strengthen a weakness in India's conventional military capability . A source in the Prime Minister's office stated that the deal was on the agenda of the next security cabinet meeting on March 29, 2005 . A naval official stated that the final approval for the project was discussed when French Chief of Defense Staff General Henri Bentegeat visited India in February, 2005 . A naval official stated that once the deal is approved the first submarine will not be ready for induction for at least 6 years . The naval official also stated that by the time the first submarine is ready for induction some of the older boats in India's fleet of 16 diesel-electric submarines will be ready for decommission .
 20050519 ministers and officials from countries surrounding the Mekong River (Cambodia, China, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam) met to discuss the progress of a 1993 pact aimed at stemming illicit drugs in the sixth semiannual Ministerial Meeting in Siem Reap, northwestern Cambodia . The UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) stated that the countries adopted the Siem Reap Declaration as a renewed commitment to act against the region's expanding drug trade . The countries discussed exchanging information, controlling chemicals needed to make illicit drugs, controlling amphetamines, providing drug treatment and sustainable alternative development . 5 projects worth 10.6 million dollars are currently in operation under an action plan implemented as part of the 1993 pact with UNDOC . Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen opened the meeting and stated -- . Regional cross-border crime flourishes due to increasingly open borders and more amicable economic and social relations among countries in the region . Producing and trafficking illegal drugs is only 1 aspect of organized transnational crime . Money Laundering is a particular concern for the Mekong Sub-region because this money will fund terrorist activities . Cambodia is considered an increasingly important trans-shipment point for illicit drugs in the region . Myanmar is the 2nd largest opium producer globally and the United States has criticized Myanmar for failing to meet international anti-drug commitments . Siem Reap is the gateway town to the Angkor Wat temple complex .
 Software protection companies warn of a new form of cyper-attack called ransomware . If it installs successfully, ransomware encrypts text files and displays a ransom note demanding 200 dollars to supply decryption software to restore the data to its original form . 20050601 anti-virus program manufacturer Symantec stated on its website (http://www.Symantec.com/avcenter/venc/data/Trojan.pgpcoder.html) that the attacking program is a Trojan horse . Trojan horses do not replicate from machine to machine as viruses do . Symantec stated that the ransomware enters the computer via weaknesses in the victim's Web browser and then scans the hard drive and encrypts any text-based documents found . 20050604 the British weekly New Scientist stated that 1 case of ransomware has been discovered which may pioneer a new and dangerous generation of malicious software . The known ransomware program is titled pgpcoder in an attempt to undermine the legal, popular and highly secure encryption product pretty good privacy . New Scientist stated that the California web-filtering company websense discovered pgpcoder and notified the FBI . Pgpcoder used an unsophisticated algorithm to encrypt the data so that a computer consultant was able to decode the documents easily . New Scientist stated that future virus writers may compel victims to pay by encrypting files using military-grade systems . Ransomware's weakness is that the demand includes a traceable contact email address and electronic bank account .
 On June 3, 2005 Israeli military officials stated in the New York Times that Syria test fired three Scud missiles a week ago in an act of defiance to the United States and the United Nations . One of the missiles broke up over two Turkish villages . It caused no injuries . The officials stated the missile tests were normal . It was Syria's first since 2001 and caused embarrassment to Turkey . Syria decided to make the missile tests public because the U.S. silence about them was unsettling . The Israeli officials in Tel Aviv told the daily that the missile tests were part of a Syrian missile development project using North Korean technology . The three missiles were the older Scud B that has a range of 300 kilometers (185 miles) and two Scud D's with a range of 700 kilometers (435 miles) . The missiles are designed to deliver air-burst chemical weapons . The official said the launchings on May 27, 2003 were Syrian President Bashir al-Assad's response to U.S. and UN pressures that forced al-Assad to withdraw Syrian troops from neighboring Lebanon . This was in the wake of the February assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Harari . A senior Israeli military official said the tests are probably needed for the missile project but Bashir is taking a risk and sending a message . Anti-Syrian journalist Samir kassir was killed June 2, 2005 when a bomb exploded under kassir's car in Beirut . The attack is blamed on the pro-Syrian regime and widely condemned at home and abroad . Syria angrily denied the accusations through its official news agency, SANA . The Israeli officials said the Syrian missiles were launched from northern Syria Newar minakh . One was sent about 400 kilometers (250 miles) to southernmost Syria near the Jordanian border . The missile that that broke up was launched southwest toward the Mediterranean, over the Turkish province of Hatay and shed debris over two villages there . The Israelis said they had film of the launching and breakup . The Turkish Ambassador to the United States Osman Faruk Logoglu told The New York Times there were no casualties in the missile breakup . Osman Faruk Logoglu added that Syria had apologized for the technical mishap .
 050605 the China Times reported that Taiwan has successfully test fired the Hsiung Feng its first cruise missile enabling Taiwan to hit major military targets in southeast China . The China Times stated that the Hsiung Feng cruise missile was developed by the military-run chungshan Institute of Science and Technology, has a range of 1,000 kilometers (600 miles) and could be used to attack military bases in southeast China . The China Times stated that once the missile was deployed it would mark the first time that Taiwan is able to put strategic weapons into use and that the political and military impact of this would be far-reaching . The Times said Defense Minister Lee jye witnessed the test firing of the missile from chiupeng military base in the southern Pingtung County and that the missile flew over 500 kilometers (300 miles) before hitting its target . The defense ministry declined to comment on the report . The report did not specify when the test took place but speculated that it could have been in March . The missile is expected to go into pilot production later in 050000 or 060000 . Taiwan is striving to build up its missile defense capabilities to counter the military threat from China . Officials state that China has targeted Taiwan with approximately 700 ballistic missiles . Taiwan's cabinet approved a revised arms deal with the United States in 050500 worth almost 15.5 billion dollars after a previous proposal was rejected by parliament . The arms package over a 15-year period beginning in 050000 includes 8 conventional submarines, a modified version of the Patriot anti-missile system and a fleet of anti-submarine aircraft . The package is pending final approval by Parliament . This large budget proposal has provoked debate Taiwan as critics said the spending could further provoke China and heighten cross-strait tensions . China considers Taiwan part of its territory awaiting reunification since they split at the end of the civil war in 490000, and has repeatedly threatened to invade if Taiwan moves towards formal independence .
 On 08 July 2005 Brazil's Ministry of Health stated that U.S. company Abbott Laboratories has agreed to reduce the price of its HIV/AIDS drug Kaletra to prevent Brazil from violating the company's patent as it had threatened . The ministry said in a statement -- . The agreement made with Abbott guarantees the Ministry's proposed objectives ensuring a significant price cut for the drug over the next 6 years . Abbott agreed to a technology transfer procedure so that Brazil's state-run farmanguinhos laboratories can begin producing Kaletra in 2009 . The agreement guarantees access to Meltrex by Brazilian patients . Meltrex is an updated version of Kaletra that is pending approval by U.S. health authorities . Over the 6 years which the Agreement covers Brazil expects to save up to 259 million U.S. dollars in drug purchases . The Ministry recently stated that an agreement with Abbott would save Brazil 18 million U.S. dollars in its 2006 budget to provide AIDS patients free anti-AIDS treatment consisting of a cocktail of anti-retroviral drugs including Kaletra . Currently 24000 patients in Brazil receive Kaletra . The number is expected to increase to 60000 by 2011 . On 24 June 2005 Brazil declared Kaletra a drug of national interest and demanded that Abbott decide within 10 days to either agree to lower its price for the drug or face a violation of its patent . On 24 June 2005 Brazilian Health Minister Humberto Costa stated that the price paid by the Brazilian Government to purchase Kaletra represented a yearly cost of 2630 U.S. dollars per patient . Costa stated that this price is considered exorbitant because studies of the World Health Organization (WTO) showed that for large-scale production the fair price including a considerable margin of profit should range from 480 to 540 U.S. dollars per patient per year . Costa stated that Brazil planned to have a less expensive generic copy of the patented drug produced locally by a state-owned company . Illinois-based Abbott stated that Brazil's demands were illegal and warned that developing unproven alternative HIV medication posed significant consequences for patients . Abbott stated that it remained open to an agreeable solution .
 Pakistani analysts said on 050715 that Pakistan's network of madrassa Islamic schools has close links with Islamic extremists in Britain, who supply them with extremist recruits and vital funding . On 050714 British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw expressed concern over what goes on in some Pakistani madrassas . It has emerged that Shehzad Tanweer was one of the terrorists who carried out the bombing of an underground subway train at Aldgate in east London . Tanweer was said by his uncle to have gone in 041200 to a Pakistani madrassa, wanting to learn to recite the Koran by heart . Sources in Pakistan said that British authorities should look inside British borders where the South Asian community is turning to increasingly extremist religious views . Kamila hyat of Pakistan's Human Rights Commision said that militancy is being exported in the reverse direction . Younger Pakistanis coming from Britain have very extreme and hard-line views and view British culture as decadent . When Pakistani-British youngsters come to Pakistan they are surprised to see women walking around without burqas . Analysts say Tanweer's trip to Pakistan was by no means unusual, as many Pakistani families who emigrated some 40 or 50 years ago and settled in Britain send their children for religious teaching at madrassas . Hyat said they want to ensure their children are not alienated from their family faith and hope a brief stint of a few terms will help ground them in Islamic and Pakistani culture . Hyat said that complaints have nonetheless been received from parents in Pakistan who are very concerned about teenagers who graduate and then go back to the UK for University . The parents of some madrassa students are saying that the young men are somewhat confused when away from the UK for the first time and are consistently being approached by other Pakistanis or by Arabs who attempt to get them to join extremist groups . Such students bring extremism back to the UK when coming back home . Madrassas continue to produce a peculiar state of mind in students, said Hasan Askari . Askari is the former head of political science department at Lahore's Punjab University . Askari said that these students having a state of mind of religious orthodoxy are vulnerable to violence and extremism . Some of the radical religious schools in Pakistan have thrived on funds regularly coming from supporters among the Muslim community in Britain . Security sources say that in one case, several thousand pounds were sent to outlawed Sipah-e-Sahaba of Pakistan in 030000 . Pakistani security officials informed the British authorities and identified the man who sent the money as Mullah Hamid . Mullah Hamid was a prayer leader in a mosque in Glasgow . Pakistan admits that some of the estimated 10,000 madrassas in Pakistan are breeding grounds for extremism . Madrassas have been a part of Muslim social life on the Indian subcontinent for decades . In the 1980s they became a recruiting ground for the US-sponsored militant movement against the Soviet occupation of neighboring Afghanistan . President Pervez Musharraf has been campaigning since early 030000 for reform of madrassas . Many madrassas are unregulated and the International Crisis Group says 1.5 million students attend such Islamic schools . Education Minister Javed Ashraf stated on 050715 that efforts were working to get madrassa leaders to broaden the curriculum beyond rote Koranic learning and to encompass useful and employable skills .
 Anti-terrorist laws in the UK strengthened and suspected extremists were pursued more aggressively after the 20010911 attacks in the US . The 20050707 terrorist attacks that killed 56 on London underground trains and a double-decker bus prompted demands for further anti-terror laws and surveillance of Islamist militants . Director of the Center for the Study of terrorism at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland Magnus ranstorp stated that the militants may be forced underground into the cybersphere, which has potential utility for command, communication, and especially recruitment . Londonistan is the Islamist core operating in London . The two main components of londonistan are the international Jihad Movement and the exiled opposition to current Arab or Muslim regimes . Londonistan emerged in the 1990s because London was a center for finance and Arabic media and because of Britain's lenient asylum laws . 20050718 the Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham House) stated -- . By the mid-1990s British intelligence agencies and police were aware that London was expanding as a base for promoters, funders, and planners of terrorism in the Middle East and elsewhere . Officials did not perceive any threat to national security and the individuals continued their activities with relative impunity . Ranstorm stated that the militants have previously cautiously avoided incitement to violence . Foreign Governments opposed the British government's passive policy . Government crackdown -- . In 2004 British authorities dismantled the Finsbury Park mosque in London, the previous venue of Salafist jihadists . Since then the militants have moved to informal areas, study groups, and youth centers . The former imam of Finsbury Park mosque is Egyptian-born Abu Hamza al-Masri . Masri is crippled with 1 eye and 1 arm and is incarcerated in Belmarsh prison awaiting a 20060100 trial on charges of inciting racial hatred and murder . Abu Qatada is a Palestinian considered the spiritual chief for Al-Qaeda in Europe . He is under house arrest after serving 2.5 years at Belmarsh . French researcher Dominique Thomas stated -- . The remaining preachers must adopt a clandestine attitude or risk surveillance or arrest . Islamist groups such as those seeking reform in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, or Libya will be stymied . Londonistan's imminent disappearance may force militants to seek a clandestine meeting place on the Internet . There are a number of websites managed or administered from London and the Internet facilitates global connection . 20041000 the Syrian founder of the radical Al-Muhajiroun movement Omar Bakri relocated his organization to Internet chat rooms .
 20050912 French President Jacques Chirac met with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at the President's Paris offices and confirmed India's 2.4 billion euro purchase of 6 Franco-Spanish Scorpene submarines . The submarine deal stipulates that the Franco-Spanish made vessels be assembled in Mumbai as part of a technology transfer agreement . The French government has pursued the deal enthusiastically . Chirac additionally confirmed the state-run Indian Airlines' 1.8 billion euro purchase of 43 Airbus passenger aircraft previously announced by Singh and Indian Airlines . Chirac stated -- . Chirac welcomes the deal as a measure of friendship, trust and cooperation between France and India . Chirac and Singh will discuss counter-terrorism and India's bid for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council and desire to develop the country's civilian nuclear energy sector . Indian Navy spokesman Commander Vina Garg stated in New Delhi -- . The submarine contract has yet to be officially confirmed but pending clearance the submarine construction will commence . The submarines will benefit the Indian navy's overall force level . The diesel-electric submarines are designed for coastal defense . The vessels are 65 meters long, contain sophisticated detection equipment, 6 torpedo tubes and missile launchers and can remain at sea up to 45 days with a crew of 31 and dive 300 meters . Singh was the first foreign leader to meet with Chirac since being released from the hospital on 20050909 after a reported minor vascular problem affecting his vision .
 On 19 September 2005 Spain detained suspected neo-Nazi group in Spain's eastern Valencia region . A regional court spokesman announced -- . on 17-18 September 2005 Spain detained the group on suspicion of possession and trafficking of weapons . Group is charged with breaking laws of illegal association and risking public health . Last week Spain arrested 20 suspected extremists . 3 suspected extremists were released on bail . 1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail . The regional court spokesman stated that 4 suspected extremists had not yet been questioned . The suspected neo-Nazi group is reputedly a member of the anti-system Front (AFS) . Judicial authorities believe the suspected neo-Nazi group has organised violent raids against rival groups . On 17 2005 Spain's Interior Ministry stated that police uncovered illegal items and arms of the kind used in raids against rival groups . Pressure group movement against intolerance claim there are approximately 70 extremist groups in approximately 70 Spanish cities . This estimate is based on 10-year-old official figures . The extremist groups are comprised of approximately 11000 people . Neo-Nazi censure of democracy group claims the total number of extremists is approximately 15000 .
 The Financial Times reported 051010 that in just 5 years China will be spending proportionally more on research and development than the European Union . EU Commissioner for research Janez Potocnik told the Financial Times that the Chinese trend is extremely clear . Potocnik said that China will catch up with the EU in 090000 or 100000 if the trend continues . The Financial Times said research and development investment in China was 1.31 percent of GDP in 030000 but is rising at a double-digit rate . The Financial Times said that at present growth rates, the EU's public and private spending on research and development is set to rise from 1.93 percent of gross domestic product in 030000 to 2.2 percent in 100000 . This is well short of the 3 percent target agreed by EU heads of government as part of the 020000 Lisbon Strategy . Potocnik was quoted as saying that the conditions for research and development in some emerging markets like China are improving and it is obvious that European companies are transferring some of their investments there . Potocnik is worried about Europe's unfavorable research and development environment ranging from excessive red tape to insufficient corporate tax incentives and continued divergences in intellectual property protection and patenting . In response to the research and development boom in countries such as China and India, the EU government will this week table new proposals to help retain and attract research funding in the EU . An EU government plan to double the EU's own research and development budget to 70 billion euro over 060000-110000 was shelved in June amid a dispute among EU leaders over future EU funding .
 Rebel fighting continues despite losses suffered by Islamic rebels in Pakistan-ruled Kashmir in the massive earthquake . The Indian government is attempting to assess the extent of losses suffered by rebels . Police stated that on 18 October 2005 2 militants entered the fortified Srinagar home of junior Education Minister Ghulam Nabi lone of the People's Democratic Party (PDF) and shot him to death . 2 policemen and 1 of the attackers also died and 5 others were injured in the gunfight . The attack occurred less than 1 day after suspected rebels shot and killed a prominent communist politician in Indian Kashmir . The daily violence has continued despite a ceasefire declaration in areas affected by the 08 October 2005 earthquake . The violence that has occurred since the earthquake has been attributed to an umbrella group of separatists called the United Jihad Council . Some insurgents have joined relief efforts . The Indian military has not reacted to insurgents' relief efforts and has continued counter-insurgency operations . The army states that while it directs aid work it has also killed more than 30 militants since the earthquake . Federal Intelligence agencies have been working to assess the damage to insurgents in and around Muzaffarabad . Muzaffarabad is the militants' headquarters and the capital of Pakistani Kashmir . Army chief General J. J. Singh stated -- . The epicenter of the 7.6-magnitude earthquake was in Muzaffarabad and caused damage among the militant groups . All the terrorist infrastructure in and around Muzaffarabad was destroyed and many innocent people died . It is premature to state with certainty what impact the earthquake has had on the militant groups as infrastructure remains intact in other areas in Pakistan . The militant groups are seeking either independence for Kashmir or absorption into Pakistan . Over 1300 people in Indian Kashmir and 41000 people in Pakistan were killed in the earthquake . The Indian government accuses the Pakistani government of training, arming and funding the Islamic rebellion . The Pakistani government denies this charge but states that it does extend moral, political and diplomatic support to Kashmiri separatists . Head of military operations in Indian Kashmir Brigadier Madan Gopal expressed confidence on 17 October 2005 that many of the militants had been killed . Gopal stated that the Hizbul Mujahedin and the Lashkar-e-Toiba have suffered major losses in the earthquake on the Pakistani side . Hizbul Mujahedin and Lashkar-e-Toiba are groups that carry out frequent attacks . Violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups . Retired General V. N. Sharma rejects suggestions that the earthquake has critically damaged the core of the insurgency . Sharma was India's army chief when the insurgency erupted in 1989 . Sharma states that such suggestions are unrealistic . Sharma states that he does not think the insurgency has been destroyed because the groups are mobile units and live in tented accommodations . Sharma states that the destruction of a few communications centers or sub-command posts has little affect on the Greater organization . Approximately 44000 people have died in the insurgency . Head of the Military-funded Institute of Defense studies and analysis in New Delhi Uday Bhaskar also warned against complacency stating that loss of firepower and manpower is unimportant . Bhaskar stated that the militants will soon regroup because they are highly motivated and believe they can achieve their goal of freeing Kashmir from Indian control with violence . The Indian government is also taking a cautious approach . Indian Defense Minister Pranab Mukherjee on 17 October 2005 called for vigilance along the 430-mile de facto border which divides the two Kashmirs . Mukherjee stated -- . Militants have attempted to infiltrate Indian Kashmir approximately 5 times since 08 October 2005 including twice on a single day . Some of the militants wanted to take advantage of the unstable situation in the region . The presence of civilians among the troops on relief work could help militants cross the de facto border . There could be more infiltration attempts next week before winter snow blocks the mountain passes .
 On 06 December 2005 Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao stated that in order to win a contract to build third-generation nuclear reactors in China France must improve its offer in terms of both cost and transfers of technology . Wen was speaking on the 3rd day of a 4-day visit to France . On a tour of the elite Polytechnique Science University in the southern suburbs of Paris Wen stated that China hopes France will offer more attractive conditions on technology transfer as well as price so that Franco-Chinese cooperation in this field can develop . The French company Areva is bidding for an 8 billion U.S. dollar (6.8 billion euro) deal to construct 4 reactors in China as are U.S. company Westinghouse and Russian company atomstroyexport . The bidding among the 3 companies has been competitive . China was to have announced a winner by the end of 2005 but has delayed its decision until early next year hoping to elicit better terms from the bidders . On 05 December 2005 during the 4-day visit to France a Chinese order for 150 medium-range A320 airliners from the European consortium Airbus was announced . Airbus also signed a protocol that could lead to aircraft being constructed in China . Prime Minister Wen held talks in Paris with French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin and French President Jacques Chirac and was then to depart the afternoon of 06 December 2005 to Marseille to visit the headquarters of the helicopter manufacturer Eurocopter . On 05 December 2005 Eurocopter announced a 600 million Euro partnership deal with China to share development and production of a new 16-seat aircraft called the ec175 . Wen is scheduled to visit the site of the future experimental nuclear fusion reactor ITER in which China is a partner . On 07 December 2005 Wen is scheduled to tour the space-satellite facility of telecommunications company Alcatel in Cannes . Wen departs on 07 December 2005 for Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Portugal . 1 of the reasons for Wen's visit to the 200 year-old Polytechnique at palaiseau was to sign a partnership deal with three Chinese universities that will introduce new exchange programs and shared qualifications . Wen stated -- . The dynamic young students represented the future of the world . Student exchanges are more important than the purchase of 150 Airbus . At present there is economic cooperation between China and France but with such programs in the future there will be cultural cooperation . In a speech to students, professors and business leaders, Wen attempted to allay anxiety in Europe that China's fast-growing economic power is a threat to the rest of the world . Wen stated that because China suffered so much from foreign invasions it understands the value of peace . Wen stated that for China to choose peace is logical given its history and culture . China's development is not a threat but an opportunity for the world . The French have expressed fear that China's low costs and poor standards of social security are attracting economic activity and causing increased unemployment in Europe but Wen argued that growing domestic demand in China will eventually lead to new opportunities for foreign exporters . France views China as a strategic ally in its pursuit of a multipolar world that is not dominated by the U.S. though trade relations between France and China remain low . France ranks 15th among suppliers to China providing only 1.4 percent of China's foreign needs .
 On December 12, 2005 the Eurocopter subsidiary of the European EADS defense and aeronautics group won a contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars from the Republic of Korea for troop-carrying helicopters . Eurocopter will take 30 percent of the project price as profit . The cost of the contract is estimated to be 6 billion dollars or 5 billion euros . The contract will include the production of 245 aircraft capable of carrying up to 8.5 tons for over 20 years . Eurocopter will provide the technical platform for the helicopter through a large technology transfer . The Government of the Republic of Korea is expected to make a formal statement on December 13, 2005 on the Korean helicopter program . The Korean helicopter program is scheduled to be finalized in 2011 . The goal of the the Korean helicopter program is to allow the Republic of Korea to launch its own aeronautical industry .
 Singapore's Central Narcotics Bureau said on 070116 in a statement that Australian Michael Karras was arrested on 070109 after being found in possession of 495 grams of cannabis . The statement said Karras was subsequently charged for the offence of trafficking in a controlled drug . Karras faces at least 5 years' imprisonment and a minimum 5 strokes of the cane if convicted but would escape the death penalty sentence mandatory for anyone caught trafficking more than 500 grams of cannabis . The arrest of Karras comes more than a year after the highly publicized hanging of Australian Nguyen Tuong van . Nguyen was executed in 051200 for trying to smuggle 400 grams of heroin via Singapore to Australia in 020000 . Nguyen's hanging despite heavy lobbying from the Australian government for Singapore to show clemency triggered public outrage in Australia where capital punishment is outlawed . Singapore also applies the death sentence to other crimes including murder, treason, kidnapping and firearms offences .
 20070116 Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni stated at a meeting in Seoul -- . Israel and South Korea share concerns over the connection between North Korea and Iran in the pursuit of weapons of mass destruction . South Korea and Israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race . Livni visited Seoul 20070115-20070116 to discuss enhancement of bilateral relations with South Korean Prime Minister Han Myeong-sook and Foreign Minister Song Min-soon . Livni is the first Israeli foreign minister to visit Seoul since relations between Israel and South Korea began in 1962 . Livni will travel to Tokyo next . Livni stated -- . Israel supports South Korea's plan to send 350 troops as part of UN peacekeeping forces to Lebanon later in 2007 . The UN arms embargo on Hezbollah remains unenforced because the open Syria-Lebanon border is being used to transfer weapons to Hezbollah . UN Security Council Resolution 1701 ended the 34 day conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in 2006 . The resolution demands a full arms embargo on Hezbollah in Lebanon and the removal of Hezbollah as a fighting force from southern Lebanon . The US accuses Iran of seeking a nuclear weapon . Iran insists that nuclear program exclusively develops nuclear energy for the growing Iranian population . 20061009 North Korea conducted its first nuclear test .
 Police stated on January 25, 2007 that a fugitive Taiwanese drug trafficker named Tsai Wen-Huang has been arrested in the southern Philippines . Tsai Wen-Huang had been a fugitive since 2001 when he was convicted for selling Ketamine . The arrest occurred in the southern city of Koronadal on Mindanao island . Police stated that Tsai Wen-Huang fled to Manila to work with a local trafficker while he was a fugitive . Police also stated that Tsai Wen-Huang would buy Ketamine locally and export the Ketamine to Taiwan at a marked up price . Tsai Wen-Huang is knowledgeable in chemistry and computer technology . Tsai Wen-Huang admitted to counterfeiting Taiwanese currency . Police stated Tsai Wen-Huang would be extradited to Taiwan . Police stated that Ketamine is a substance used largely in manufacturing methampethamine hydrochloride or ice .
 China said on February 1, 2007 it did not want an arms race in space . China did not comment on Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's claims that China's satellite-destroying test had broken international law . China's Foreign Ministry refused to react directly to Abe's comments that Beijing had violated an International Space Treaty when it shot down one of its own satellites with a missile on January 11, 2007 . Spokeswoman Jiang Yu said China had already stated China's position . Many other countries are concerned about the peaceful uses of outer space . The countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space . China wants them to make common efforts to realize this goal . Abe said to the Japanese parliament on January 31, 2007 that Abe believed China's test was not in compliance with basic international rules such as the Outer Space Treaty . The 1967 UN treaty bans weapons of mass destruction in space and said that all nations should avoid contamination of space and be held liable for any damage caused . The United States is concerned that debris from the Chinese test could damage satellites or the manned international space station . Jiang Yu said she was not aware of the specific information concerning space debris . Yu insisted that China would be a force for peace and stability . Jiang Yu said China has not and will not participate in an arms race with other countries and will not threaten any other country . China said it had the right to carry out the test after destroying the satellite . The United States and the then Soviet Union are the only other nations to have carried similar tests . Both stopped the practice in 1985 partly over concerns about the debris left in space .
 The Interior Ministry of Saudi Arabia stated on February 3, 2007 that Saudi Arabian authorities have arrested 10 people suspected of illegally collecting money to fund terror-related activities . 7 Saudis and a foreign resident were detained on February 2, 2007 after Saudi Arabian authorities caught the individuals undertaking the suspected illegal activities in jeddah province in the west of the Kingdom . 2 other Saudis linked to the group were arrested separately in Jeddah and the Muslim holy city of Medina . Oil-rich Saudi Arabia has been combating a wave of violence by suspected al-Qaeda militants since May 2003 . Saudis are among foreign insurgents fighting US-led forces in Iraq . In early December 2006 Saudi Arabia announced the arrest of 136 suspected al-Qaeda militants over 3 months in one of the largest crackdowns since Saudi Arabia began battling Islamist extremists .
 French police stated that 13 Kurds from Turkey were arrested near Paris on 5 February 2007 on suspicion of money-laundering on behalf of the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) . French police stated the 12 men and 1 woman are being held on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as funding terrorism and organized money-laundering . The 13 Kurds were seized in the Paris region departments of Yvelines, Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis and Val d'oise as part of an investigation headed by France's leading anti-terrorist judge Jean-Louis Bruguiere . The PKK is regarded as a terrorist organization by the European Union, the United States and Turkey . The arrests followed an incident in which 2 Turkish Kurds were detained over a suspicious cash-changing transaction involving 200000 euros (260000 dollars) . Police gave no further details of the suspects .
 Indonesian judges on 6 February 2007 sentenced Australian Michelle dawn Condon to 3 months in jail including time served on drug charges . Judge Wayan merta read the verdict in court on the island of Bali and stated Condon was guilty of drug use and not trafficking . Condon will be released the week of 11 February 2007 as Condon was arrested on 16 November 2007 and has remained in detention since the arrest . Condon was allegedly carrying 0.2 grams (0.007 ounces) of crystal methamphetamine at the time of the arrest . Prosecutors dropped trafficking charges against Condon the week of 28 January 2007 and stated that a medical examination revealed Condon was a long-time addict . Condon is the latest Australian convicted on drugs charges in Indonesia . 6 Australians have been sentenced to death for drug trafficking . The 6 Australians are members of the Bali 9 gang convicted of smuggling heroin . The other 3 members of the Bali 9 gang were given life sentences . Australian Schapelle Corby was convicted of trafficking marijuana into Bali and jailed for 20 years . The Indonesian government has issued stiff penalties for drug traffickers and users with 35 other convicts on death row for narcotics offenses .
 A court official stated that after a 2-week trial in Hanoi a Vietnamese court on 7 February 2007 sentenced 3 people to death and issued prison terms to 52 people for running a heroin trafficking ring in Hanoi . A Hanoi People's Court official stated that the 3 defendants to be executed included 1 woman and were found guilty of trafficking and selling approximately 18 kilograms (48 pounds) of heroin from provinces near the Lao border . The official stated that 10 people received sentences of life in prison . The official stated that 42 defendants received sentences between 1 and 23 years in prison . 7 of the 42 defendants were policemen who protected the trafficking ring . The heroin trafficking syndicate trafficked the drug from the northwestern provinces of Lai Chau and Son La from 1999 until the arrests in 2004 . On 30 January 2007 8 people were sentenced to death and 13 people were sentenced to life in prison for trafficking 216 kilograms of heroin and other drugs from Laos . Possession of more than 600 grams of heroin or more than 20 kilograms of opium carries the death penalty in communist Vietnam .
 Diplomatic sources said on 070208 that EU sanctions against North Korea cannot go forward due to Britain's disagreement with Spain over the sovereignty of Gibraltar inhibiting Gibraltar's Chief Secretary from being listed as one of the required competent authorities . The European Union decided in 061100 to ban the export of arms and nuclear and missile technology as well as luxury products in compliance with the UN resolution number 1718 adopted after Pyongyang carried out nuclear tests in 061000 . The EU also introduced restrictions of entry to the EU for individuals deemed to be aiding North Korea's programs for nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction . Before the measures are applied, the legal sanctions document requires a list of authorities, banks and other bodies in each Member State which would supervise compliance with the sanctions and freeze assets . British spokeswoman Vicky Courtney in Brussels said Britain insisted that Gibraltar's Chief Secretary be listed as the competent authority as had done on previous occasions without Spain making any complaint . Gibraltar's Chief Secretary acts as the link between the gibraltan government and the British government and Governor . Another diplomatic source, said the Spanish government was afraid that any mention of a gibraltan authority would constitute a precedent in relations between the EU and Gibraltar and so opposed the move this time . The Government of Spain insists that Britain should be named in the annex to the document but not Gibraltar . The Spanish Government refuses to afford any international legitimacy to Gibraltar . The UK and Spain are seeking to reach a formula which would satisfy both sides . The 2 EU nations have thus far failed to do so . Courtney said there is some frustration with the fact that the sanctions are being held up . Courtney added that it is important to find a constructive solution applicable to this and other documents in future and said that the application of other sanctions also runs the risk of being blocked . Other EU-levied sanctions include those against Iran over the Iranian nuclear program . Gibraltar was ceded in perpetuity to Britain by Spain under the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht, however Madrid still claims sovereignty . Gibraltarians in 020000 overwhelmingly rejected moves by Britain and Spain to move towards joint sovereignty for Gibraltar and Gibraltar's 30000 inhabitants . Gibralta RIS located at Spain's southern extremity .
 French officials stated on 9 February 2007 that 5 Kurds from Turkey have been placed under investigation in France after being arrested on suspicion of money-laundering on behalf of the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) . The Kurds were seized the week of 4 February 2007 as part of an investigation headed by France's top anti-terrorist judge Jean-Louis Bruguiere . The 5 Kurds are being investigated on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as funding terrorism and organized money-laundering . The PKK is regarded as a terrorist organization by the European Union, the United States and Turkey . 10 other Kurds will go before a judge on 9 February 2007 .
 Officials stated on 9 February 2007 that 10 Kurds have been placed under investigation in France after being arrested on suspicion of money-laundering on behalf of the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) . The 10 Kurds were part of a group of 15 Kurds seized the week of 4 February 2007 in an investigation headed by France's leading anti-terrorist judge Jean-Louis Bruguiere . The other 5 Kurds are being investigated on suspicion of criminal association in relation with a terrorist enterprise as well as funding terrorism and organized money-laundering . 14 of the group have been remanded into custody . Most of the group are from Turkey . The PKK is regarded as a terrorist organization by the European Union, the United States and Turkey . 10 other Kurds will go before a judge on 9 February 2007 .
 National Security Adviser M. K. Narayanan stated in a speech posted online on 15 February 2007 that isolated instances of terrorist outfits manipulating the stock markets to raise funds for terrorist operations have been reported . Narayanan stated that stock exchanges in Mumbai and Chennai have occasionally reported that fictitious or notional companies were engaging in stock market operations . Some of these companies were later traced to terrorist outfits . Narayanan called for the lifting of banking secrecy and the corporate veil in terrorist-related cases in order to combat the financing of attacks . Narayanan first made the comments at a high-level gathering on international security in Munich on 11 February 2007 . Former head of the counter-terrorism wing of India's overseas intelligence service bahukutumbi Raman stated to AFP on 15 February 2007 that dislocating or attacking the stock market has been tried in the past but that using stock exchanges to fund attacks appeared to be a new development . Raman stated that this kind of stock manipulation has not come to light yet . Raman recommended tightening regulations governing India's stock markets to ensure that genuine companies only engaged in operations .
 A 36-year-old man accused of plotting to kidnap and kill a British soldier was ordered held in custody on February 23, 2007 at a preliminary hearing at London's central criminal court . On January 31, 2007 security sources stated the alleged plot involved plans to kidnap and behead a British Muslim soldier and then post a video of the execution on the Internet . Police refused to comment on the specific allegations . Parviz Khan and 4 other defendants charged with lesser offences appeared at the Old Bailey by video link from prison . The defendants were all remanded until another hearing on April 2, 2007 . The 5 men were among 9 men arrested in a series of raids in the city of Birmingham in west central England on January 31, 2007 . Parvis Khan is charged with engaging in conduct to give effect to intention to kidnap and kill a Member of the British armed forces between November 1, 2006 and January 31, 2007 . Amjad Mahmood was charged with failing to disclose information which might have been of material assistance in preventing the plot . Parvis Khan, Amjad Mahmood and 3 other men named Mohammed Irfan, Zahoor Iqbal and Hamid elasmar are charged with 2 offences of allegedly supplying equipment for terrorism and funding terrorism abroad . None of the men has entered a plea to the charges . A sixth man arrested on January 31, 2007 named basiru Gassama has been charged with withholding information about a potential act of terrorism . Basiru Gassama's case is still in a lower court . Strict contempt of court laws in the United Kingdom prevent the media from reporting details of the case against defendants before any trial in order to prevent the risk of seriously prejudicing a jury that will hear the evidence .
 On 070227 South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun stated that he believes communist North Korea wants to move towards openness and reform despite developing nuclear weapons . In a live broadcast news conference Roh Moo-hyun stated that North Korea would give up weapons of mass destruction if North Korea feels North Korea's security is guaranteed . Roh Moo-hyun stated that he believed that North Korea will move toward openness and reform since North Korea's leaders will find no other alternative but to move toward openness and reform unless North Korea's leaders are insane . Roh Moo-hyun defended the South Korean government's decision in the past to give aid to North Korea . Roh Moo-hyun stated that the aid South Korea gave North Korea was designed to open up North Korea and the aid did not help North Korea develop nuclear arms . North Korea is a reclusive state . Roh Moo-hyun stated that the reason that North Korea has developed nuclear weapons was that North Korea felt threats from countries that do not believe North Korea will ever introduce reform and openness . Roh Moo-hyun stated that North Korea developed nuclear weapons in order to stop the other side making threats and North Korea wants to engage in talks . Roh Moo-hyun was speaking as a South Korean government delegation flew to Pyongyang for the first ministerial talks in seven months . The resumption of South Korea's food aid to North Korea is expected to be high on the agenda at the ministerial talks . North Korea carried out North Korea's first nuclear test in 061000 . North Korea's first nuclear test generated international condemnation and sanctions . North Korea's first nuclear test was followed by months of diplomacy . After the months of diplomacy and during six-nation talks in Beijing in 070200 North Korea agreed to dismantle North Korea's nuclear program in return for economic aid and diplomatic benefits .
 20070302 Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi stated in an interview published on the BBC website -- . Britain, the EU and the US have not invested in Libya following the country's abandonment of its nuclear weapons program . Western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate Libya will deter Iran and North Korea from disarming . Other countries should emulate Libya's example but the example has been destroyed because the US and Britain did not fulfill their promises . Kadhafi stated -- . Libya may still cooperate with Western countries for mutual benefit . The lack of foreign support will not cause Libya to return to hostile pursuits . Kadhafi spoke with the BBC from the 30th anniversary celebration of Libya's Jamahiriyah (State of the masses) political system in Sebha . In 2003 Kadhafi normalized Libya's relations with Britain, France and the US by pledging to abandon attempts to develop nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction . Kadhafi had been widely condemned by the international community in previous decades due to opposition to Western countries and alleged support of terrorism . Iran is facing new United Nations sanctions after refusing to stop enriching uranium . Western countries widely suspect Iran of building atomic weapons under the pretense of a program to develop civilian nuclear power . North Korea claimed to have successfully tested a nuclear warhead in 2006 . The international community condemned the action . North Korea has recently pledged to cease all nuclear activity but some suspect that a covert uranium program remains .
 Australia's Foreign Minister Alexander Downer warned 070305 in opening remarks at a counter-terrorism conference Jakarta that terrorists continue to find new recruits and launch attacks despite the foiling of some plots and the jailing of militants . Indonesia and Australia are co-hosting a 2-day meeting in Indonesia's capital attended by the foreign ministers of Malaysia, Thailand and the Philippines and a senior minister from Singapore . Downer said terrorists are still at large despite terrorist plots having been foiled, terrorists having been captured and prosecuted and terrorist networks having been disrupted . Downer said that terrorists' methods and abilities become more sophisticated even as Governments' capacity to stop them improves . Indonesia's Foreign Minister Hassan Wirajuda said terrorists must not be stopped at the expense of democratic principles . Wirajuda said terrorists must be stopped without resorting to repressive and undemocratic measures like the violation of human rights or disregard of due process of law . Wirajuda added that terrorists had been evolving new strategies and tactics and thus are becoming an even greater threat to peace, security and progress . Wirajuda stated there was a need for better ways of denying terrorists access to weapons of mass destruction and that more effective ways of denying the terrorists access to deadly weapons and especially weapons of great killing power must be devised . Wirajuda said that vigilance and innovative measures were key to an adequate response to the terrorist threat . Downer hoped the countries at the meeting could agree on cooperation to stop terrorists acquiring unconventional weapons and to improve law enforcement, intelligence sharing and the response to attacks causing mass casualties . The Jakarta conference follows an earlier counter-terrorism meeting in Bali in 040200 attended by ministers from 20 Southeast Asian and Pacific countries . A series of terror attacks have hit Indonesia . The most recent attack was a triple suicide bombing in the resort island Bali in 050000 that killed 20 bystanders . The worst attack hit Bali in 021000 and claimed 202 lives .
 Peace activists climbed a crane on the River Thames outside Britain's houses of parliament on 070313 to campaign against Prime Minister Tony Blair's plans to renew the UK's nuclear deterrent . 4 protesters from Greenpeace clambered an estimated 200 feet up the maintenance crane moored on the river and unfurled a banner suggesting Blair loved weapons of mass destruction . Greenpeace said in a statement that the activists scaled the structure at about 6:00 am GMT and were phoning and attempting to persuade members of parliament (MP) to vote against the government . A Greenpeace spokesman said the 4 volunteers aim to occupy the crane until the vote takes place and hope to telephone as many MPs as possible urging rejection of new weapons of mass destruction . Lawmakers in the UK parliament's lower House of Commons are to debate and vote on 070314 whether to back Blair's controversial 38-billion-dollar plan to replace the US-built Trident missile system . Nuclear weapons are still a divisive issue in Blair's governing Labour Party as unilateral nuclear disarmament was once official labour policy in the 800000 . Many traditionalists accuse Blair of stifling debate on the subject and claim Trident is a costly and obsolete relic of the cold war and is no longer required . Deputy Leader of the Commons Nigel Griffiths resigned on 070312 so as to be able to vote against Blair's government and was joined on 070313 by junior health department aide Jim Devine . A widespread rebellion from rank-and-file Labour lawmakers is widely predicted . A BBC Radio poll on 070311 said 64 out of the 101 Labour MPs whom were asked expressed opposition to Blair's plans . A further 15 Labour MPs were undecided . 22 backed the proposals . Lobby group the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) on 070313 said 62 Labour MPs and a total of 105 MPs overall had signed an amendment to the vote calling for more time to discuss the issue . Blair is not expected to lose the vote but will have to rely on the support of the main opposition Conservative Party . The conservatives broadly back Blair's plans for a new submarine-based weapons system .
 The UN General Assembly on 070315 endorsed UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to reform 2 UN core activities peacekeeping and disarmament . The General Assembly adopted by consensus a restructuring of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO) involving a split into 2 separate entities for peacekeeping operations . A Department of peace operations will be tasked with strategy and day-to-day direction and management . A separate Department of field support will consolidate the support functions of UN field personnel, procurement and financial management . France's Jean-Marie Guehenno is the current head of DPKO and will stay on as chief of the future dpo . The General Assembly also approved Ban's plan to establish an Office of Disarmament Affairs (ODA) to replace the current Department of Disarmament Affairs . The Secretary General has dismissed suggestions that turning the Disarmament Department into an office signified de-emphasis and said the office would instead report directly to the UN Secretary-General and would ensure access and more frequent interaction . Developing countries have criticized the larger Powers on disarmament and specifically for failing to reduce nuclear arsenals while insisting on non-proliferation of all weapons of mass destruction . Ban announced plans soon after taking office on 070101 to reform the UN's sprawling peacekeeping operations and tighten control over disarmament matters . The peacekeeping and disarmament reforms were strongly backed by Western countries and faced initial resistance from developing countries . This resistance prompted ban to launch a process of consultations with the General Assembly to explain the ideas for reform .
 The UN Security Council on 070323 was holding frantic talks to try to reach consensus on a draft text broadening UN sanctions against Iran . Russian delegates were offering compromise language on an amendment calling for a nuclear-free Middle East . The 15 UN Security Council members met behind closed doors early 070323 to put the finishing touches to a amended text submitted 070322 by the text's 3 sponsors Britain, France and Germany . They were to meet again later 070323 to consider an amendment requested by Indonesia and Qatar for insertion of a paragraph into the draft on the goal of establishing a Middle East free from weapons of mass destruction and all missiles for their delivery . Diplomats said the United States was opposed to the inclusion of this paragraph . The Russian delegation offered compromise language stating that a solution to the Iranian nuclear issue would contribute to global non-proliferation efforts as well as those in the Middle East . Qatar's UN ambassador Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser said the Security Council would discuss some amendments raised by Qatar, Indonesia and South Africa and expressed hope that a consensus could be reached . Nasser stressed that the meeting on the afternoon of 070323 would be very important . The Security Council members had by late on 070322 fine-tuned minor changes made to the text agreed 070311-070317 by Germany with the 5 veto-wielding permanent council members Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States . South Africa expressed disappointment that its suggestions were rejected for a 90-day suspension of UN sanctions to allow political negotiations with the Iranian government to remove the weapons ban and other financial sanctions . The draft resolution under consideration would ban the Iranian government from exporting arms and call for voluntary trade sanctions as well as expand a list of officials and companies targeted for financial and travel restrictions . A vote was expected on 070324 .
 Indonesia's Foreign Minister Hassan Wirajuda said on 070326 that Muslim-majority Indonesia agreed to further UN sanctions against Iran over the Iranian government's disputed atomic program because the sanctions promote the goal of a nuclear weapons-free Middle East . Wirajuda said the Indonesian government was supporting implementation of a nuclear weapons-free zone in the Middle East and pointed out that Israel is the only country in the Middle East which possesses nuclear weapons . A clause which emphasized that resolving the Iranian nuclear issue would help to realize the objective of a Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction was included in the sanctions resolution at the request of Indonesia and Qatar . Some commentators have criticized Indonesia for backing the sanctions because such a stance could diminish Indonesia's standing among Muslim nations . Wirajuda said the proposition introduced in the UN resolution for a nuclear weapons-free zone in the Middle East is supported by Arabic countries . The resolution was passed unanimously on 070324 after days of hard bargaining by the Security Council's 15 members . Indonesia currently holds one of the Council's rotating seats . The sanctions block all Iranian arms exports and freeze the overseas assets of 28 additional officials and institutions linked to Iran's nuclear and ballistic missile programs and restrict financial aid or loans to the Iranian government while setting a new 60-day deadline for the Iranian government to comply with UN demands or face further appropriate measures . The Iranian government reacted angrily and expressed intent to restrict cooperation with the UN nuclear watchdog IAEA in retaliation .
 Japan on March 27, 2007 deployed troops to Nepal to monitor Nepal's ceasefire . This was the first military mission since Japan created a full-fledged Defense Ministry . Officially Japan is a pacifist nation . A Defense Ministry official said that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's cabinet decided at a meeting to dispatch six soldiers to Nepal to observe arms control for a year . Japan will help monitor weapons and soldiers under the peace accord that ended Nepal's decade-long Maoist insurgency . Nepal is in the Himalayas . Japan is a major donor to Nepal . Japan was forced by the United States to renounce its right to armed forces after World War II and has been slowly expanding its military operations overseas . Japan created a full-fledged Defense Ministry in January 2007 for the first time since 1945 . Japan upgraded the former defense agency which was lower in rank than cabinet-level ministries . Abe's conservative government also listed overseas peacekeeping activities as a mission for Japan's military because of the change . They are known as the self-defense forces . Deployments abroad had been previously considered extraordinary and led the Government to seek parliamentary approval . Defense Minister Fumio Kyuma told reporters that this is the first time Japan will deploy the Self-Defense Force abroad since peacekeeping became one of the main missions for the troops . Kyuma said that Japan has to pay careful attention to the security . Japan sent 600 troops in its most prominent deployment to Iraq on a reconstruction mission . The soldiers returned last year without suffering any casualties or firing a shot .
 The European Union adopted sanctions against North Korea on March 27, 2007 that put North Korea in line with a UN Security Council resolution . The resolution was passed after North Korea announced a nuclear test . The sanctions include a ban on the sale or export of all materials that could be used in North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs or in the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction . The EU froze the assets abroad of some North Korean officials . The EU banned exports to the country of luxury goods like caviar, truffles, high-quality wines and perfumes and pure bred horses . The bloc supported UN resolution 1718 in November . The application of sanctions required a formal EU decision . The decision was delayed by an argument between Britain and Spain concerning the method in which Gibraltar would implement the measures . The resolution was passed after the North Korean government announced that it had performed its first nuclear weapons test on October 9, 2006 . The announcement triggered world-wide outrage .
 Illegal arms trafficking has increased in Kenya and raised concern about security . Daniel kiptugen of Oxfam stated that there are approximately 140,000 illegal arms in circulation in Kenya among the most vulnerable and marginalized groups . Illegal weapons are easily procured in urban open-air markets despite a government initiative launched in 2006 to curb the availability of arms . Kenyan security minister John Michuki recently stated at a ceremony burning 8000 illegal arms seized in 2006 to prevent the spread of firearms -- . Firearms fuel the illegal exploitation of natural resources and abet terrorism and other crimes . The easy affordability and accessibility of arms reduces incentives to pursue non-violent solutions to conflicts and initiates a spiral of insecurity . Police stated that conflicts along Kenya's borders have increased the number of weapons in the area . Conflicts include a 20-year insurgency in Uganda, anarchy in Somalia since 1991 and the former civil war in Sudan . Police spokesman Gideon kibunjah stated -- . Kenya has always experienced serious arms trafficking but the free sale of arms in Somalia presents an additional problem . Weapons smuggling has increased since 20061200 when Ethiopian-Somali troops eradicated an Islamist movement from south and central Somalia . Mogadishu experienced chaos and arms control at the border with Kenya became a low-priority issue . Kenya has participated since 2000 in a regional treaty to control and reduce the number of illegal arms in the Great Lakes and Horn of Africa but has achieved limited success in disarmament . Kiptugen stated -- . The impact of government disarmament programs had not yet been apparent . Forced disarmament process has never been successful because it fails to address the impetus of the demand: competition for natural resources and a lack of government security forces . Pastoral communities in northern Kenya frequently resolve tribal conflicts concerning water and land access by gun battles . Communities consider guns a means of self-protection and protection of the community's livelihood . Gun Control activist Walter Odhiambo stated that increased economic inequity in Kenya is a catalyst for violence . 2/3 of the population subsists on under 1 dollar per day . The Kenyan government has increased promises to augment security measures before President Mwai Kibaki contends for re-election in 20071200 . The US issued a travel advisory to US citizens warning of increasing incidents of violent crime after 2 Americans were shot and killed in Kenya in 20070100 . Kenya has struggled to overcome a reputation of high crime rates and frequent terrorist threats after the country experienced deadly terrorist attacks in 1998 and 2002, ongoing tribal conflicts and a crime wave that killed 50 in 20070100 . Kenya was previously considered relatively stable compared to surrounding countries in the Great Lakes and Horn of Africa ridden with regional conflicts .
 Jane's Defence Weekly reported on 070412 that the Thai Government has decided to develop and produce rockets and missiles in a radical shift towards building an indigenous defense industry . Jane's said the program would lift Thailand beyond the current capacity for producing explosives, ammunition and small arms under licence as well as modernizing and repairing aircraft and armored vehicles . The Thai armed forces do not currently have any surface-to-surface missiles in their inventory . Jane's cited an internal Thai Defense Ministry document which said Thailand will start by developing a multiple-launch rocket (MLR) with a range of 80 kilometers (48 miles) . Jane's said there is already a project underway to develop a 160 millimeter MLR with a 40-kilometer range and that other projects include a strategic rocket with turbojet engine guided by Global Position System and inertial navigation system . The Thai Ministry document says funding pressures on the defense budget and encouragement by unspecified sectors for greater self-sufficiency is driving the new program . Such a rocket is significant because of the implication of efforts to develop a surface-to-surface missile with a range at the upper limit of the voluntary Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) . The MTCR is a global disarmament group involving the United States and 33 other members and was established in 870000 to control exports of missiles which can deliver weapons of mass destruction . Thailand's King bhumipol Adulyadej enjoys strong support from the armed forces which overthrew the Thai government in a bloodless coup in 060900 and has called for a sufficiency economy . Jane's added that the new research and development program was launched before the coup but gained formal approval upon submission to the country's Defense Council about a month afterwards .
 According to the Government of Jordan UN atomic energy chief Mohamed ElBaradei speaking on 15 April 2007 after talks in Jordan with Jordan's King Abdullah II urged Iran and Israel to join a nuclear-free zone in the Middle East . ElBaradei is the International Atomic Energy Agency chief . According to a statement issued by the Jordanian Government ElBaradei stated that ultimately the Middle East should be a zone free of weapons of mass destruction . ElBaradei stated that this zone includes Israel and Iran . ElBaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the Middle East based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons . ElBaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between Israel and its Arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region . ElBaradei stated that Arab countries have joined the Non-Proliferation Treaty while Israel has not . Israel is the only nuclear power in the region despite the program being undeclared . Israel possesses an arsenal of approximately 200 warheads . Israel's enemy Iran is suspected by Europe and North America of using a nuclear energy program to develop atomic weapons . The Government of Iran strongly denies this allegation .
 On 19 April 2007 Indian Commerce Minister Kamal Nath unveiled India's foreign trade policy which stated -- . India has banned all imports and exports of products to North Korea and Iran that could aid in North Korea's and Iran's suspect nuclear programs . The Indian government has prohibited direct and indirect export and import of materials, goods and technology that could contribute to North Korea's nuclear-related, ballistic missile-related or other weapons of mass destruction-related programs . The Indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to Iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities . India has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to Iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems . India maintains diplomatic relations with North Korea . India incurred international isolation after performing nuclear tests in 1998 . India is energy-hungry . India is negotiating a civilian nuclear energy deal with the United States . The civilian energy deal will give India access to previously forbidden technology . India has repeatedly requested talks to resolve the disagreement over Iran's suspect nuclear ambitions . The Press Trust of India news agency reported that India's ban on trade with Iran and North Korea is in compliance with UN Security Council resolutions .
 A judicial source stated that approximately 40 members of Egypt's opposition movement Muslim Brotherhood went on trial at a military court on 26 April 2007 charged with belonging to a banned organization and funding terrorism . Defense lawyers boycotted the closed-door session arguing that they had not been made aware of the dates of the Tribunal . Family members were initially banned from the proceedings but were eventually permitted entrance . Family members stated that the defendants remained silent during proceedings because their counsel was not present . Journalists, family members and diplomatic observers have been allowed into the courtroom for past military trials of Islamists . The courtroom is at a military base in the desert outside Cairo . The session on 26 April 2007 was approximately 4 hours in duration and was adjourned until 03 June 2007 . Defendants included Khayrat Al-Shater who ranks number 3 in the hierarchy of the Muslim Brotherhood . As part of the Government's repression of Egypt's largest opposition bloc Al-Shater was arrested in December 2006 following a university demonstration in which masked pro-Brotherhood students staged a military-style parade on the campus of Al-Azhar University in the capital city Cairo . Al-Shater and other businessmen linked to the group had their assets frozen and were referred to a military court in February 2007 . The targeting of Al-Shater and other businessmen associated with the movement has been considered an attempt to disable the Organization financially . Egyptian authorities accuse the movement of seeking to reactivate its underground military wing with the aim of eventually overthrowing the regime . The Muslin Brotherhood controls a fifth of the seats in Parliament . The Government of Egypt began using military courts to try members of the Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamic groups in the 1990s when they were not being convicted by civilian courts . Under a law passed by Parliament last week the verdicts of military courts can now be appealed .
 A conference on the world's nuclear non-proliferation treaty (NPT) against the spread of nuclear weapons opens on 30 April 2007 in Vienna . The meeting will take place through 14 May 2007 and is the 1st of a series of Preparatory Committee sessions ahead of the next overall review in 2010 . The NPT went into effect at the height of the Cold War in 1970 and was extended indefinitely in 1995 . The NPT has 188 signatory States and is a deal in which nuclear weapons States agree to disarm while nations without the bomb agree not to seek the bomb . The NPT is reviewed every 5 years . The meeting in May 2005 failed to resolve any key questions due to an agenda disagreement between non-aligned countries and nuclear powers . The NPT Conference occurs as -- . The crisis over Iran's atomic program escalates though Iran has not yet produced atomic bombs . A deal to dismantle North Korea's nuclear program which has produced atomic bombs has stalled . A U.S. strategy to use pre-emptive force if judged necessary and Britian's nuclear arsenal upgrade threaten the NPT . Experts stated the NPT is ill adapted to the modern era in which so-called rogue States seek to acquire a nuclear weapons capacity by 1st developing peaceful programs under the terms of the treaty . Experts stated that fixes should include tougher UN inspections and automatic penalties for countries who drop out of the treaty . The North Korean government withdrew from the NPT in 2003 after expelling United Nations inspectors . The North Korean government tested an atomic bomb in October 2006 . The Iranian government justifies nuclear work under article IV of the NPT which guarantees the inalienable right to develop research, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes . U.S. government stated that the Iranian government uses article IV as a cover for the secret development of nuclear weapons which the Treaty bans . Non-proliferation analyst at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington George perkovich stated the NPT is the most effective treaty in history and referred to the fact that predictions made in the 1960s that there would soon be 30-40 nuclear weapons States have not come to pass . There are believed to be 9 nuclear weapons states . The States are the 5 allowed under the NPT, Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States . The States also include North Korea which withdrew from the treaty and 3 nuclear states including India, Pakistan and Israel which have refused to sign the NPT . Diplomats and experts stated the preparatory session can not change the treaty but is expected to focus on problems in fighting proliferation and in getting the 5 original nuclear weapons states to fulfill the NPT commitment to disarm which is a focus of non-aligned States . Nuclear and disarmement expert Rebecca Johnson wrote the week of 22 April 2007 on Johnson's Acronym Institute website that the risk of nuclear proliferation is too grave for the international community to shirk responsibilities and that the NPT has already begun to unravel . Felicity Hill of the non-governmental organization the international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons (ican) stated to AFP that the meeting could build towards a successful 2010 Review Conference but progress must occur on both non-proliferation and disarmament . A diplomat in Vienna who closely follows the non-proliferation regime stated that expectations are being lowered for a successful outcome to the Preparatory Committee given the inauspicious international developments and the growing detritus of arms control agreements cast aside .
 A spokesman for the British deployment to Afghanistan stated to AFP that approximately 2000 NATO-led and Afghan troops initiated Operation silicon on 30 April 2007 to clear the Taliban from the lower Sangin valley in Afghanistan's premier opium producing Helmand province . Operation silicon falls under Operation Achilles . Operation Achilles is NATO's International Security Assistance Force's (ISAF) biggest campaign against the Taliban, foreign fighters and drugs barons and began in Helmand on approximately 30 February 2007 . Achilles involves about 5500 soldiers from countries including Britain, Canada, the Netherlands and the United States as well as 1000 Afghans . Most of Britain's more than 5000 troops with ISAF are based in Helmand . Sangin is 70 kilometers (40 miles) northeast of provincial capital Lashkar Gah and has been the site of regular clashes with Taliban fighters said to have joined forces with drugs barons in Helmand . Sangin produces about 40 percent of the opium from Afghanistan which supplies more than 90 percent of the world's illegal opium . Sangin is said to be home to some Taliban leaders including the Taliban's military operations commander for the South Mullah Dadullah .
 Palermo police said 2 municipal board candidates in the Sicilian town of Corleone were arrested on 070504 for suspected drug trafficking . The 2 arrested candidates are Leoluca Lanza of the Christian-Democrats for Independence Party and Giovanni riina from Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party . 8 suspects were detained in total in Corleone and Palermo as part of an investigation into cocaine and hashish trafficking . Ansa news agency reported that those arrested were accused of being involved with a criminal organization with the aim of drug trafficking . Municipal elections are scheduled for 070513 and 070514 in Corleone . Corleone is about 19 miles south of the Sicilian capital Palermo . Corleone was the birthplace of major mafia bosses . Mafia boss Luciano leggio died in 930000 . Mafia boss Salvatore riina was arrested in 930000 and nicknamed toto . Mafia boss Bernardo Provenzano was arrested in 060400 after 43 years on the run . The central crime family in Mario Puzo's seminal book The Godfather was named after the town . In 070400 Palermo Police Chief Giuseppe Caruso told the daily La Repubblica that Corleone is no longer the stronghold of so-called godfathers .
 The Australian government revealed in the budget on May 5, 2008 that Australia is to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to safeguard the country against terrorism . Philip Ruddock stated that the measures announced in the budget will help create a secure and trusted operating environment that will benefit all Australians . Some of these dollars will be used for drills to test Australia's response to cyber attacks . Treasurer Peter Costello set aside 702 million Australian dollars or 582 million United States dollars for national security initiatives as Australia prepares for possible reprisals in the war in Iraq as an ally of the United States . Some of these dollars will be used for high priority intelligence needs, electronic and Internet security and further strengthening of aviation security . These dollars increase Australia's total additional spending commitment to national security for the 10 years to 2010-11 to 1.4 billion dollars . The Australian government will spend 73.6 million dollars over the next 4 years to lift electronic safety for government, business and home computer users to ward off any possible electronic or cyber attacks . The Australian Government will also boost funding to the Australian Federal Police to fund preventative detention of terror suspects and to expand counter-terror teams . Part of a 219 million dollar allocation will go towards constructing secure facilities for counter-terrorist first response units at 11 major airports and some court buildings across Australia . Attorney General Philip Ruddock stated that cyber attacks threaten the privacy and security of Australians online and the reliable delivery of services by both business and government . Philip Ruddock stated that there has been an increase in recent years in the frequency and sophistication of attacks on information technology systems as millions more Australians use the Internet and other electronic communications . This increase in attacks is the reason why the Australian government is planning exercises to improve the capacity to manage cyber attacks . Philip Ruddock also stated that it is imperative that Australia remain one step ahead of emerging e-threats . The Australian Government is examining the development of a business center to allow information technology security information to be shared quickly between the Government and operators of critical infrastructure . At least 9 people are currently facing terrorism-related charges .
 Estonian Defense Minister Jaak Aaviksoo stated on 11 May 2007 that Estonian officials will raise the handling of cyber attacks with EU defense ministers at a meeting in Brussels on 14 May 2007 . Aaviksoo stated Estonian officials will also require a discussion with NATO member countries about how to handle malicious attacks against State websites . The meeting will occur between partner member States of the NATO military alliance and European Union . Aaviksoo stated it is considered an attack against the whole of NATO and the military alliance comes to help if the ports of a NATO member country are under attack . Estonian Prime Minister andrus Ansip stated in early May 2007 that attacks had been launched against Estonian government servers which forced a temporary shut-down of the servers . The attacks occurred after a disagreement with Russian officials over the removal of a Soviet war memorial from central Tallinn . Ansip stated that some of the cyber-attacks had come from computers in the office of Russian President Vladimir Putin .
 An official stated that on 15 May 2007 Estonia's 2nd-biggest bank, Swedish-owned Seb Eesti uhispank, blocked access from abroad to Seb Eesti uhispank's online banking service after a cyber attack . Head of communications at Seb Eesti uhispank silver vohu stated massive attacks were launched at 12:00 PM against the Internet bank which blocked access to the Seb Eesti uhispank website . Vohu stated the attacks on Seb Bank's Internet banking service had attempted to overload the website with various requests so that normal access would fail . Vohu stated access was restored at 2:00 pm (1100 GMT) for users in Estonia but access from computers located outside Estonia will continue to be restricted for security reasons . Vohu stated that the security of customer accounts was not compromised in the attacks . Vohu stated the cyber attacks were the first to target the Bank Group since a series of similar assaults were launched in April 2007 against the websites of Estonian state institutions . Estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused Estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of Russia including in the office of President Vladimir Putin . The cyber attacks were launched after Estonian authorities moved a monument to Soviet soldiers who fought fascism in World War II from a city block in central Tallinn to a military cemetery in a neighborhood of the capital . The removal of the monument caused disapproval from officials in Moscow and riots in Tallinn by members of the large ethnic Russian minority that comprises approximately 1/4th of the Baltic republic's population of 1.34 million people .
 On 21 May 2007 the Government of Estonia rejected European Union criticism of its handling of recent cyber attacks . Estonia has experienced a series of cyber attacks since the end of April 2007 that have forced it to restrict access to many State websites . Estonia is a Baltic State member of the European Union . Hillar aarelaid is head of Estonia's computer emergency response team cert . Aarelaid was responding to comments made by Jacqueline McGlade . McGlade is head of the EU agency that promotes a shared network of environmental data . Aarelaid stated that McGlade's assertion that Estonia should have employed basic procedures such as firewalls to defend from cyber attack demonstrated ignorance of the extent of the cyber assaults on Estonia . Aarelaid stated to the AFP by phone on 21 May 2007 that if the solution had been as simple as using elementary firewalls that Estonia would have done it . At a press conference in Geneva McGlade had stated that the EU agency she heads firmly believes that to react to cyber attack by closing systems down is unsound . Estonia began barring access to key government and some private websites 3 weeks ago after the onset of a series of cyber attacks against Estonia . Many of the attacks originated abroad . The cyber attacks were triggered by Estonian government authorities' decision to remove a Soviet war memorial from central Tallinn . This decision angered Russia and the large ethnic Russian minority in Estonia . Officials in Estonia including Prime Minister andrus Ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from Russian government computers including computers in the office of Russian President Vladimir Putin . Aarelaid stated to AFP -- . Critics of Estonia's response may not be aware that traffic on some Estonian sites was increased by 1 million . Imposing temporary restrictions on Internet traffic from abroad was inevitable . Mcglade's comments on the Estonian response were made in Geneva ahead of a United Nations conference on global access to information technology . Mcglade stated that attacks on State and private websites should be handled in a systematic way instead of by restricting access . Mcglade stated that there are technologies that the EU agency deploys in an effort to avoid restricting access to government websites . The EU Agency will be in contact with the Estonian Government to advise on possible defense measures . Estonia is a world pioneer in IT solutions . Estonia ranks higher than the 15 older EU members and just behind the United States on a World Bank list of countries that are advanced in preparing for a knowledge-based society . Aarelaid stated -- . Access to critical websites was never restricted . Estonia is prepared to keep critical websites accessible in any situation but that during a massive cyber attack some websites like that of the Estonian Agriculture Ministry are of a lower priority to keep accessible to visitors from abroad .
 European Parliament members on 24 May 2007 called on Russian officials to assist investigations into cyber attacks against Estonian websites . Estonian officials began barring access to government and some private websites on approximately 3 May 2007 after a series of attacks . The cyber attacks were triggered by Estonian authorities' decision to remove a Soviet war memorial from central Tallinn which angered Russian officials and the large ethnic Russian minority in Estonia . The European Parliament resolution stated the attacks have frequently originated from abroad and have come from Russian administration IP addresses . The resolution called on the European Commission and EU member States to assist in analyzing the attacks and to investigate how attacks can be prevented in the future . European Parliament members also condemned attempts by Russian officials to exert economic pressure on Estonian government .
 On 25 May 2007 the Republic of Korea launched its first Aegis destroyer equipped with advanced air and sea defenses . The Republic of Korea faces Japanese and Chinese naval buildups and a potential threat from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea . The KDX-III destroyer weighs 7600 tons . The navy stated that the Republic of Korea is the 5th country to have a destroyer equipped with the Aegis integrated weapons control system following the United States, Japan, Spain and Norway . The destroyer was built domestically at a cost of 1 billion U.S. dollars . President Roh Moo-hyun stated at a launching ceremony that the ship is armed with a state-of-the-art defense system and combat capability and is one of the world's best destroyers . Roh stated that Republic of Korea will move forward with a program to create an ocean-going navy . The destroyer is named the King Sejong after the monarch who helped create the Korean alphabet in the 15th century . The navy said in a statement -- . The King Sejong has integrated capabilities in broad-range air defense, support for ground operations, automatic tracking and destruction of enemy aircraft and guided and ballistic missiles . The new destroyer is expected to greatly increase combat capabilities . A 2nd Aegis destroyer will be launched in 2010 and a 3rd in 2012 in what a navy spokesman stated in May 2007 was an attempt to rival the naval powers of Japan and China . The Republic of Korea faces a potential threat from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea around their contested maritime border in the Yellow Sea . This week the Democratic People's Republic of Korea accused the Republic of Korea of dispatching warships to violate its territorial waters . 6 South Koreans were killed in June 2002 in battles in the area . In June 1999 dozens of North Korean sailors were killed in a similar battle . The Aegis combat system was built by the U.S. firm Lockheed Martin . The Aegis combat system allows a ship to combat multiple surface, underwater and aerial targets . The King Sejong is also equipped with locally developed ship-to-ship missiles and torpedoes as well as various ship-to-air missiles and ship-to-surface cruise missiles . Stealth technology was used in building the King Sejong making radar detection more difficult . The ship will be deployed operationally in 2009 . The Republic of Korea is cooperating with Germany to build 1800-ton modern submarines . A second such submarine will be launched in early June 2007 .
 On 29 May 2007 Russia stated it had successfully tested a new multiple warhead ballistic missile designed to overcome air-defense systems such as the U.S. shield planned for deployment in Central Europe . Russia's strategic missile forces issued a statement saying that the RS-24 rocket was fired from the northeastern Arkhangelsk region and hit its target on the Kamchatka Peninsula 6000 kilometers away . The Kamchatka peninsula protrudes into the Pacific Ocean . According to the statement the RS-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems . The test occurred amidst Russia's diplomatic battle over U.S. plans to expand a missile defense shield into Central Europe . The Russian Government considers the U.S. plan an attempt to gain nuclear power in the region . First Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov is a former defense minister and widely considered a potential successor to President Vladimir Putin in 2008 . Ivanov stated that the RS-24 could overcome any anti-missile system like that of the United States . Ivanov was quoted by Interfax as stating that the Russian missile complexes are capable of penetrating all existing and prospective anti-missile systems . Ivanov stated that Russians should be confident in the nation's defense and security capabilities . The United States states that the planned radar base in the Czech Republic and 10 interceptor missiles in neighboring Poland would defend Europe against potential threats from Iran and North Korea and pose no threat to Russia . President Vladimir Putin disagrees and stated that Russia is suspending compliance with a European conventional weapons control treaty . Putin warned that a new arms race is possible . According to the statement the new rocket meets the standards of START-II missile treaties which impose restrictions on the use of multiple warhead missiles . A spokesman for the strategic forces stated to the AFP that the missile is new but uses technologies of the Topol-M missile . According to the statement the prototype RS-24 rocket is unlike the Topol-M in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems . The Ministry of Defense refused to reveal the characteristics of the new missile other than stating it was designed to replace the Soviet-era RS-18 and RS-20 rockets . Director of the Moscow Center for Defense Information Ivan safranchuk stated -- . The RS-24 is a significant modernization of Topol-M . The principle advantage is that the RS-24 is a Russian rocket . Other multiple warhead missiles that Russia utilized were built in Ukraine . Prior to the RS-24 there were no Russian-built multiple warhead missiles . Military analyst Alexander golts stated that the test was part of a massive effort by the Russian government to regain parity with the United States' strategic missile forces . Golts stated that the principle military political aim of the current Russian leadership is to regain parity with the United States .
 At a news conference on 7 June 2007 Estonian Justice Minister rein Lang stated that Estonian officials will propose that European Union members consider cyber attacks as acts of terror at a meeting of European Union Justice Ministers on 13 June 2007 . Lang stated that Estonian officials are inclined to view cyber attacks as acts of terror in the same way American officials view cyber attacks . Lang stated that Lang predicts an interesting discussion on cyber attacks . At the news conference Prime Minister andrus Ansip restated accusations that computers in the Kremlin had carried out a number of the cyber attacks launched on Estonian institutions after a disagreement with Russian officials in April 2007 regarding the removal of a Soviet war memorial from the center of Tallinn . Ansip and Lang stated that the attacks were well organized and were a serious breach of security regardless of whether the Kremlin had knowledge of the attacks . Ansip stated the attacks came directly from the IP address of the Russian president's office . Lang stated that if the computers in the Kremlin were used unintentionally then there are computers in the Russian administration which may be used for criminal attacks . Lang stated that the attacks were an organized offensive against the information systems of the Estonian State structures and against the infrastructure of the State in general . Officials in Moscow have denied any involvement in the cyber attacks against Estonia which forced Estonian authorities to temporarily bar access to official State websites . Some of the attacks also targeted private interests such as banks .
 Saudi Arabia's interior ministry announced that on 7 June 2007 Jari bin Mubarak bin muqim Al-Dosari was executed in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia . A statement issued by the official SPA news agency stated that -- . Al-Dosari was convicted of drug trafficking . Al-Dosari was executed by the sword . Al-Dosari's crime was smuggling a large quantity of hashish in collaboration with drug trafficking gangs . 91 people have been executed by the Saudi government so far in 2007 . According to AFP tallies based on official statements -- . In 2006 at least 37 people were executed in Saudi Arabia . In 2005 83 people were executed in Saudi Arabia . In 2004 35 people were executed in Saudi Arabia . Executions in Saudi Arabia are usually carried out in public . Public executions are a strict form of sharia . Sharia is Islamic law . Capital offenses in Saudi Arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking .
 The Central Narcotics Bureau stated on June 12, 2007 that Singaporean authorities have issued an arrest warrant for an Australian man charged with drug trafficking after skipping bail . The warrant was issued for Michael Karras . Michael Karras did not appear for a court appearance on May 9, 2007 . The lawyer of Michael Karras named S.S. Dhillon could not be reached for comment . According to a court document Karras is charged with trafficking 437 grams or 15 ounces of cannabis and cannabis mixture . The charge has a minimum sentence of five years of imprisonment and five strokes of the cane on conviction . The death penalty sentence is mandatory for anyone caught trafficking more than 500 grams of cannabis .
 NATO member States and countries from the former Soviet bloc met in Vienna on 12 June 2007 to re-examine the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe (CFE) in light of tensions between Moscow and the West . The CFE meeting was convened at the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and will last until 15 June 2007 . The Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe was signed in Paris in 1990 and aimed at establishing defense parity in Europe . The CFE came into force in 1992 and limits deployments of tanks and troops in countries belonging to NATO and the former Warsaw Pact in Eastern Europe . Chief of the Russian delegation Anatoly Antonov stated in Vienna on 11 June 2007 that Russian officials called the meeting because the Russian Government is unable to freely move Russian troops on Russian territory . Anotov referred to limitations imposed by the CFE and stated that the choice of which armed forces to deploy belongs to Russian officials . Russian President Vladimir Putin recently threatened to suspend application of the CFE amid disagreement with the government in Washington over US plans to extend a missile shield into Central Europe . Russian and U.S. officials have disagreed over the CFE since 1999 with NATO officials stating that Russian officials have failed to honor commitments to withdraw troops from Moldova and Georgia . Russian officials accuse the United States of a military buildup near Russia's borders with the US planning new army bases in Romania and Bulgaria as well as the missile shield proposal . Antonov stated that Russian officials have serious concerns over the plans for military bases . On 26 April 2007 Putin cited NATO's lack of movement and called for a freeze on Russian compliance with the CFE which disconcerted Western observers . Antonov downplayed the idea that Russian officials would pull out of the CFE altogether and stated that the dispute over the US missile shield would not be discussed at the meeting . Antonov stated that the US plans for military bases in Romania and Bulgaria will be on the meeting's agenda . Antonov rejected an offer made by the US and NATO allies to the Russian Government the week of 3 June 2007 to accept a multinational peacekeeping force in the pro-Russian Moldovan separatist region of Transdniestr .
 Following a meeting in Vienna hosted by the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, Ministers of Public Security and Counter-narcotics from Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan stated on 12 June 2007 that the ministers had agreed to strengthen joint efforts to prevent cross-border drug trafficking . The ministers issued a joint statement in which the Ministers committed to act to reduce the transnational threat posed by Afghanistan's opium which requires a cooperative solution . The joint statement said that the ministers from Afghanistan, Iran and Pakistan agreed to take steps to improve border management including -- . building more physical barriers . Boosting law enforcement capacity . launching joint counter-narcotic operations . Better communication . Increased intelligence-sharing about trafficking routes, traffickers and suspicious shipments . The ministers' statement called on countries including Russia and countries in the European Union to which the drugs are sent to seek to curb demand . The ministers' statement called on States where chemicals essential for producing heroin from opium poppy are produced to stiffen procedures . The statement said chemical precursors should be controlled first and foremost where the precursors are produced since the opium problem is best controlled at the source . Opium from poppies grown in Afghanistan is the source of 90 percent of worldwide heroin production .
 A Sydney Council defended a decision on June 20, 2007 to forge a sister-city relationship with Bethlehem . The Sydney Council stated that the sister-city relationship would not lead to the funneling of Australian dollars to the Islamist group Hamas . Marrickville Council voted on June 19, 2007 to formalize links to Bethlehem . The New South Wales Jewish Board of Deputies stated that Bethlehem's Council was controlled by Hamas . Jewish groups have also stated that a sister-city relationship with Bethlehem would be akin to offering financial support to terrorism and supporting Hamas . Multicultural marrickville's Deputy Mayor Peter olive rejected the claims and stated that the Sydney Council would not be funding terrorism . Peter olive also stated that Hamas does not dominate Bethlehem's Council because 8 of the 15 councilmen are Christian and the mayor of Bethlehem is Christian and not a member of Hamas . Peter olive stated that the sister-city relationship was designed to improve cultural understanding and denied that money would change hands . Peter olive also stated that Sydney does not give money to other sister cities . Hamas fighters violently seized the Palestinian territory of Gaza on June 13, 2007 . The New South Wales Jewish Board of Deputies member VIC alhadeff stated that Hamas practices terrorism and openly seeks the destruction of Israel . Bethlehem is the West Bank city considered the birthplace of Christ .
 The United Nations said on June 25, 2007 that sophisticated laboratories inside Afghanistan are converting 90 percent of Afghanistan's opium into heroin and morphine before smuggling it around the world . The United Nations Office for Drugs and Crime (UNODC) said Afghanistan is the world's biggest producer of opium and had exported the illicit drug almost exclusively in its raw form until 2 years ago . UNODC representative Christina Oguz in Kabul said that she believes the amount of the opium being processed in Afghanistan is approximately 90 percent . Oguz said that anyone flying over the major opium producing areas would see a lot of small fires in the mountains, which are heroin labs . Oguz stated that a couple of years ago opium was the primary drug being trafficked out of Afghanistan . Oguz said there has been an increase of opium being processed into morphine and into heroin and that this indicates sophistication that was not previously present in Afghanistan . Afghanistan accounts for 92 percent of the world's heroin supply despite vast internationally-backed efforts to eradicate its opium poppy fields . Oguz said the annual income from the drugs trade helps finance the Taliban-led insurgency plaguing mainly southern and eastern Afghanistan and that this income totals more than three billion US dollars . Oguz stated that the drugs have to be fought together with the insurgency . Afghanistan produced a record 6000 tons of opium in 2006 . Officials said that the 2007 harvest could exceed the 2006 record because of an increase in opium cultivation in the southern provinces . Oguz said that favorable weather conditions had also contributed to the increase . Oguz fears that Afghanistan will have at least the same amount as the 2006 harvest if not more . Oguz also downplayed international efforts to eradicate poppy crops and said that it was more important to provide poor opium farmers with alternative livelihoods .
 Rio de Janeiro's state public safety Secretary Jose Mariano Beltrame stated that -- . On 27 June 2007 at least 18 people were killed during firefights between police and drug dealers . The firefights took place in Rio de Janeiro's notorious slums . The goal is to eliminate to the drug traffickers' arsenals . Brazil must retake control of the slums and instill public order . The casualty count of 18 was preliminary . The casualty count included a plain-clothes police officer . 10 people were wounded during the firefights . Beltrame did not know whether all those killed were drug traffickers or residents caught by stray bullets . Police gained access to areas in the slums that they could not enter for decades because of the power of the traffickers . The slums were veritable fortresses . Police launched an offensive of 1350 officers . The police officers surrounded the slums north of Rio de Janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs . At a press conference Beltrame stated that 1200 local and federal police and 150 elite National Security Force police backed by three armored personnel carriers invaded the slums . According to images on TV Globo News police used a bulldozer to topple barricades built by the traffickers . Police cordoned off the drug traffickers' area in the early morning of 27 June 2007 . Firefights broke out after police cordoned off the drug traffickers' area . According to local media at least 4 supposed traffickers were killed by midday 27 June 2007 . A source at Brazil's Education Secretariat stated that -- . Local businesses shuttered . 8 area schools closed affecting some 4000 pupils . Since 2 May 2 2007 federal police have been deployed in Nueva Cruzeiro slum in the German complex to the north of Rio de Janeiro . Brazilian drug traffickers are extremely powerful . Brazilian drug traffickers commit crimes such as ordering murders and trafficking drugs from prison cells .
 On 09 July 2007 a top Malaysian police chief stated that luxury cars stolen in Malaysia are being smuggled out of the country and sold to fund terrorist and criminal organizations . Auto theft is rampant in Malaysia and Malaysian police for the first time are linking the crime with terrorism . Criminal Investigation Department Director Christopher Wan stated that 4907 luxury cars were stolen in Malaysia in the first 5 months of 2007 representing an 11.5 percent increase since the start of 2006 . Wan was quoted by state news agency Bernama as stating -- . Structured and sophisticated global criminal groups are responsible for most of the trafficking and smuggling of stolen vehicles . Proceeds from such activities might be used to support and strengthen criminal or terrorist organizations with the effect of destabilizing developing nations . Approximately 21 billion dollars worth of luxury vehicles are stolen throughout Asia, Europe, Africa and North America every year . It is necessary to enhance information sharing between nations to fight theft . Southeast Asian countries are used as a transit stop to smuggle stolen luxury vehicles . Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) is considered the Southeast Asian wing of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda network . Ji launched a series of attacks including the Bali bombings in October 2002 which killed 202 people .
 The Russian government announced on 070714 suspension of Russian adherence to the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) arms control treaty . The CFE is a key agreement that limits the deployment of forces in central and eastern Europe . US moves to install anti-missile bases in the region were seen as a key cause of the decision . Analysts said that it is Europe that is likely to suffer most from the decision's consequences . Independent defense analyst Pavel Felgenhauer said the CFE Treaty is much more important to the European countries than the US . Felgenhauer pointed out that Russia has other problems with Europe and that this withdrawal is another factor reducing confidence and deteriorating relations especially with European countries . Felgenhauer predicted that actual troop deployments are unlikely to change much and believed the biggest practical effect of Russia's decision will be an end to mutual inspections and confidence-building measures governed by the Treaty . Analysts said the hope in the Russian Government is that the uncertainty will weaken European resolve over a number of issues . Interfax news agency cited Ivan safranchuk of the international center on defense information as saying that the situation will push Europe into a more active position on missile defense . Europe has largely backed US plans for an anti-missile radar station in the Czech Republic and interceptor rockets in Poland . The Russian government says the US plans threaten to upset the balance of power on the continent . Other analysts were doubtful that attempts to pressure the EU would bear fruit . Editor of the Moscow-based Journal Russia in global affairs Fyodor Lukyanov said the Russian government is hoping that Europe's extreme unease over this will lead to a softening of Europe's positions . Lukyanov thinks the Russian government's calculations are wrong and that a frightened Europe will join with the United States . Lukyanov said the decision to freeze the CFE was part of a wider move by the Russian government to use newly found strength to remold the foundations of transatlantic relations and that the Russian government wants to revise the forces influencing interaction in the Euro-Atlantic area that were set when Russia was weaker . Political analyst and director of Moscow's Institute for globalization Boris Kagarlitsky said the Russian government also appears to be using its geopolitical strength to put pressure on Europe over business ties . Kagarlitsky said the withdrawal from the Treaty will be seen in the West as an attempt to put pressure on a number of issues including in the economic sphere . Disagreements over energy security and a dispute over deliveries of Polish meat have prevented Russian and European Union authorities from agreeing to a new mutual cooperation agreement . Kagarlitsky said that at some stage the Russian government will put all of the economic issues on the table while expressing doubt whether the Russian government's goals will be achieved .
 20070714 President Vladimir Putin signed a decree halting Russia's participation in the 1990 Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) arms control treaty . The decree stated that Russia withdrew due to certain points of the Treaty and exceptional security circumstances . The Russian Government stated that the suspension will take effect immediately . The Russian Foreign Ministry stated that Russia has not suspended dialogue . NATO spokesman James Appathurai stated that Russia's actions were retrogressive because the NATO considers the CFE Treaty to be vital to European security and stability . Russia has repeatedly threatened to withdraw from the treaty due to US military encroachment into former Soviet Union territory such as the planned missile defense shield in Europe . In a state of the nation speech in 20070400 Putin stated that Russia should announce a moratorium on adherence to the CFE Treaty until all NATO countries have ratified the Treaty . Putin appears to particularly target the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, former Soviet republics and current NATO members which are not part of the CFE Treaty . The CFE Treaty limits the deployment of tanks and troops in NATO and former Eastern European Warsaw Pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between Member States . The treaty was signed in Paris in 1990 and came into force in 1992 . The treaty was adapted in Istanbul in 1999 following the collapse of the Warsaw Pact in order to limit deployments on a country-by-country basis . The CFE is considered a key European post-Cold War security accord . NATO states have refused to ratify the new pact because Russia has failed to honor commitments made in Istanbul adaptation to withdraw forces from the former Soviet republics of Georgia and Moldova .
 Russian news agencies reported on 14 July 2007 that Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a decree suspending application by the Russian Federation of the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe arms control treaty and the associated international accords . The Russian presidential press office released this information in a statement . The Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) was signed in 1990 . The CFE is 1 of the key post-Cold War security accords in Europe . The CFE limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between Member States .
 20070716 the London-based rights group Amnesty International stated that a 19-year-old EU arms embargo to Myanmar is threatened by an Indian plan to sell an attack helicopter with vital European-produced components to Myanmar . The report stated that the incident highlights the necessity of stricter arm controls . Variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from Belgium; rockets, guns and engines from France; brake systems from Italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from Britain; self-protection equipment from a Swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from German companies . US companies also contributed equipment to the alh despite a US arms embargo to Myanmar . Amnesty International's report was compiled by European and international non-governmental organizations such as Saferworld, which opposes armed violence . Saferworld Team Leader on transfer controls and small arms Roy isbister stated -- . The EU embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in Myanmar . The integrity of the arms embargo depends on its implementation and enforcement . Amnesty International arms control researcher Helen Hughes stated that greater emphasis should be placed on end-use agreements and re-export of components from EU member states in order to avoid countries indirectly supporting blacklisted regimes which commit crimes against humanity . Amnesty International stated -- . The EU should immediately commence talks with India to prevent future sales of the alh, components or technology to India . All future EU cooperation with India that could supply Myanmar with banned items should be discontinued . Any future arms deals with India should prohibit the transfer of technology to Myanmar . India does not have an arms embargo to Myanmar . The UN has noted that Myanmar's widespread and systematic human rights violations include summary executions, torture and recruitment of child soldiers .
 On 16 July 2007 an Amnesty International report was released stating -- . A European Union arms embargo against Myanmar is under threat from an Indian project to sell attack helicopters to TK . France, Belgium, Germany, Sweden, Italy and Britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh) . Sales of parts and technology by India would violate a 19-year-old ban . India gave no official reaction . A senior Indian government official stated that -- . It is hypothetical to say that India is breaking the embargo . No transfer of helicopters has occurred . An Indian defense official from the armaments production wing stated that -- . The Amnesty International report put India in a difficult situation . India wishes to do business with Myanmar . The matter is delicate . 90 percent of the alh is European . Transfer of the alh would be in breach of the embargo . India must keep Myanmar in good humor . Myanmar is a military state . In March 2007 Myanmar decided to sell gas to China rather than India . Myanmar's decision was a sign of China's growing influence in Myanmar . An Indian government official stated that -- . India continues to rely on Myanmar to disrupt the flow of cross-border separatist rebels into its revolt-hit northeastern states . The Amnesty International report was compiled by European and international non-governmental forums . The forums include saferworld . Saferworld works to prevent armed violence . The Amnesty International report suggested that -- . Belgium begin immediate talks with India to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to Myanmar . All future production co-operation with India that could lead to banned items ending up in Myanmar be stopped . Any future arms deals with India ban the transfer of technology to Myanmar . Saferworld Team Leader on transfer controls and small arms Roy isbister stated that -- . The EU embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in Myanmar . An arms embargo is purposeless if not implemented or enforced . Amnesty International's arms control researcher Helen Hughes stated that -- . Countries that violate such restrictions could find themselves indirectly supporting a brutal regime whose violations have amounted to crimes against humanity . The United Nations has described human rights violations in Myanmar as widespread and systematic . Human rights violations in Myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers . The alh's arsenal includes -- . rocket launchers from Belgium . rockets, guns and engines from France . brake systems from Italy . fuel tanks and gearboxes from Britain . self-protection equipment from a Swedish company . controls for the alh's engine manufactured by German firms . Chile, Ghana and Saudi Arabia have shown interest in acquiring the alh . Myanmar was formerly known as Burma . The Amnesty International report was titled Indian helicopters for Myanmar: making a mockery of the EU arms embargo? . Myanmar has a military junta . Myanmar has a blunt Chinese influence . An Indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity . Amnesty International is a rights group based in London . The advanced light helicopter (alh) is made in India .
 An air force spokesman stated on July 16, 2007 that Russia will increase its missile defense by deploying the long-delayed S-400 triumph missile system around Moscow later in July . Air Force spokesman Alexander Drobyshevsky said one division and a command point will be put into combat duty at the end of the month . This was reported by news agency Interfax . Russia successfully tested S-400 missiles on July 12 and 13, 2007 . This was immediately before the Kremlin announced its withdrawal from a key European arms control treaty . S-400 missiles are also known by their NATO designation SA-21 growler . The missiles were to first be deployed in 2001 and are designed to shoot down medium-range ballistic missiles and aircraft from as far away as 400 kilometers (250 miles) . That is twice as far as the U.S. Patriot missile . Russia and the United States are disputing over missile defense . Russia accused the United States of provoking a new arms race with the United States' plans to deploy a missile shield in Central Europe . Russia said the system is a clear threat to Russian security . The United States said the system is not aimed at Russia . It against potential missile threats from countries such as Iran and North Korea . The Kremlin said on July 14, 2007 that Russia was withdrawing from the 1990 Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty which limits the deployment of arms in Europe .
 Amnesty International published a report on July 16, 2007 which stated that a European Union arms embargo against Myanmar is under threat from an Indian project to sell military helicopters to Myanmar . The report titled "Indian helicopters for Myanmar: making a mockery of the EU arms embargo?" was compiled by European and international non-governmental organizations including saferworld . SafeWorld's team leader on transfer controls and small arms Roy isbister stated that the embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied directly or indirectly for use in Myanmar . The report also identified companies in the United States that make equipment for Myanmar despite a similar arms embargo . Roy isbister questioned the purpose of having an arms embargo without enforcement . The report urged Belgium to begin immediate talks with India in order to prevent future weapons sale to Myanmar . The European Union arms embargo against Myanmar has been in place for 19 years . France, Belgium, Germany, Sweden, Italy and Britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that India plans to sell to Myanmar . Amnesty International stated that since the Indian-manufactured helicopter would not be operational without the components from the European Union members there is an urgent need for stricter arms controls . Belgium supplies the rocket launchers . France provides the rockets, guns and engines . Italy provides the brake systems . Britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes . A Swedish company provides self-protection equipment . German companies are said to be crucial for the development of the aircraft's design and the manufacturing of controls for the engine . An Indian government official stated that India does not attach much credence to reports by Amnesty International . The official also stated India does give defense hardware support to Myanmar but the equipment is not offense nor top of the line . The official also stated that Myanmar was helping in the battle against insurgents in India's northeast . Another Indian official stated that the technology was for communications only and not for offensive operations . India's foreign and defense ministries did not comment . Amnesty's arms control researcher Helen Hughes stated that greater attention has to be given to the end-use agreements and the re-export of components from European Union member States . Helen Hughes stated that without this attention the States could indirectly prop up a brutal regime which the European Union has condemned and whose violations have amounted to crimes against humanity . Indian does not have an arms embargo against Myanmar . Amnesty International is a London-based rights group . Saferworld works to prevent armed violence . Myanmar was formerly called Burma . The United Nations has described human rights violations in Myanmar as widespread and systematic . These human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers .
 On 20 January 2007 a statement from German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier stated that -- . Berlin will host top-level meetings in October to save key European arms control treaty Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) . The meetings are urgent . The meetings will map the way forward . steinmeier will invite high-ranking officials to Berlin in early October 2007 to create conditions for concrete dialogue . steinmeier has deep concern over Russia's withdrawal from the CFE . The CFE is a cornerstone of international arms control . Steinmeier issued the statement after Steinmeier met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Berlin . Last week Russia announced that it will suspend participation in the CFE . The meetings will follow Russia's withdrawal from the CFE . The CFE limits the deployment of troops and tanks in NATO and former Warsaw Pact nations . Russia's withdrawal from the CFE took place during a dispute with the US over US plans to deploy an anti-missile system in central Europe . Russia views the Pentagon's plans to implement missile defense equipment near Russia an act of intimidation . President Vladimir Putin has angrily warned that if the US proceeds Russia will point missiles at Europe . Lavrov told Russian reporters in Berlin that -- . He is hopeful Russia and the West can reach an agreement over the Treaty . Russia wishes to preserve and strengthen the arms control program . Russia will conduct further discussions . There is a chance that Russia will reach an acceptable agreement with the West . Earlier this week the Russian Defense Ministry turned down an offer by NATO for consultations on the CFE . Russia said it was ready to discuss the situation with the United States . Lavrov has told US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice that Russia remains open to dialogue . Russia's dispute with the US utilized cold war rhetoric .
 21 July 2007 -- media reports state that Iran has hanged a convicted murderer and a drug trafficker . The hangings were public . The hangings took place in 2 Iranian cities . Eternad newspaper reported that the murderer was hanged in khoramabadon the morning of 19 July 2007 . The murderer was unnamed . The murdered was convicted of killing a man in March 2007 . ISNA news agency stated that drug trafficker Naeem M. was hanged on 21 July 2007 for smuggling heroin . Naeem M. was hanged in Zabol, Sistan-Baluchestan Province . Naeem M. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin . At least 121 executions have been carried out in Iran in 2007 . Most executions in Iran have been by hanging . Most executions in Iran have taken place in public . Amnesty International has stated that at least 177 people were executed in Iran in 2006 . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage . Iran is an Islamic republic . Zabol is a town in southeastern Iran . Khoramabad is a city in western Iran .
 On 070726 France was criticized over France's plans to build a nuclear reactor in Libya . Nuclear proliferation experts dismissed concerns that the French-Libyan nuclear reactor deal was tantamount to handing Moamer Kadhafi a nuclear bomb . An official with France's Atomic Energy Commission insisted that international safeguards imposed after Libya dissolved the Libyan military nuclear program would prevent any Libyan nuclear proliferation . Other experts agreed with the with French Atomic Energy Commission official . Sortir du nucleaire stated that the official reason for the Libyan nuclear reactor was a deception as the civilian and military uses of nuclear technology were indissociable . The official reason for the Libyan nuclear reactor is to desalinate sea water . Sortir du nucleaire stated that delivering civilian nuclear energy to Libya would amount to eventually helping Libya to acquire nuclear weapons . Sortir du nucleaire stated that Libya is rich in oil and gas and Libya is very amply self-sufficient in energy . Sortir du nucleaire stated that if Libya wishes to diversify Libyan power production than Libya should logically give priority to solar energy because Libya enjoys remarkable levels of sunshine all year long . A memorandum on building the new nuclear reactor in Libya was signed as French president Nicolas Sarkozy held talks with Libyan leader Muammar Kadhafi on 070725 . On 070724 the Libyan government freed 6 foreign medics after France and European Union officials had played a key role in the process of securing the release of the 6 foreign medics . Greenpeace France stated that the French-Libyan nuclear reactor deal poses an enormous problem in terms of nuclear proliferation and branded the French-Libyan nuclear reactor deal as in keeping with the French policy of irresponsible export of nuclear technology . Greenpeace pointed out that previous French Presidents had signed nuclear deals with the former Shah of Iran, with the former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein and with South Africa during the apartheid era . Frederic marillier stated that the official reason the nuclear reactor is being sold to Libya is to desalinate sea water to improve Libya's supplies of drinking water . Frederic marillier stated that Frederic marillier wanted to know who Iran and France thought would believe this reason for building the nuclear reactor . Frederic marillier is in charge of Greenpeace's energy campaign . The French opposition Socialist Party asked if it was not a bit soon to be throwing France into Kadhafi's arms and giving him France's international endorsement? . The French opposition Socialist Party stated that civilian nuclear technology can be used eventually to develop military applications . The French Green party accused Nicolas Sarkozy of boundless cynicism rooted in the risk of striking a nuclear deal with an undemocratic state . Simon Nisan stated that the 070726 French-Libyan nuclear reactor deal followed the signature in 060300 of a agreement for bilateral cooperation in nuclear research and technology . Simon Nisan is a member of France's Atomic Energy Commission and is in charge of nuclear-powered desalination projects . The 060300 of a agreement for bilateral cooperation focuses primarily on a nuclear research centre at Tajura whose nuclear reactor was supplied by the Soviet Union in 790000 . Tajura is near Tripoli . Simon Nisan stated that International Atomic Energy Agency controls made it almost impossible to divert the nuclear technology to military use . Simon Nisan stated that the International Atomic Energy Agency controls are so tight that a person does not have the right to remove fuel without the presence of International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors . Simon Nisan stated that the material generated is low-enriched uranium and not highly-enriched uranium which is needed for nuclear bombs . In 040000 weapons-grade uranium stored at the nuclear research centre in Tajura was removed under International Atomic Energy Agency scrutiny and was sent for recycling to Russia after Muammar Kadhafi pledged to give up weapons of mass destruction in 030000 . Russia had originally supplied the uranium to Iran . A diplomat in Vienna that is close with the International Atomic Energy Agency stated that the Libyan Government had had very good cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency since 030000 . Mark Fitzpatrick in London stated that mark Fitzpatrick saw no proliferation risk for the plans to build a nuclear reactor in Libya because of the fact that Libya is still cooperating with the International Atomic Energy Agency and based on the manner in which Libya turned over and destroyed equipments . Mark Fitzpatrick is a member of the International Institute for Strategic Studies . Mark Fitzpatrick stated that Libya's cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Government of the United Kingdom and the United States Government has been exemplary . Mark Fitzpatrick stated that it is important for the rest of the world to see that when a country abandons nuclear weapons programs and weapons of mass destruction that there are tangible benefits . Mark Fitzpatrick stated that this cooperation with France is a direct result of Libya abandoning nuclear weapons programs and weapons of mass destruction .
 More than 60 Saudi activists have signed a petition calling for the release of a group of reformists held in the ultra-conservative kingdom since early February 2007 . The group is accused of funding terrorism . The petition is a copy of which was obtained by AFP in Dubai . The petition was signed by 67 activists and sent to the Justice Ministry and advisory Shura Council in Riyadh and to 2 Government-sanctioned human rights watchdogs . The petition said the reformists had been held for longer than 6 months without a trial and that under Saudi law they should therefore be released . Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform . This includes holding male-only elections in 2005 to elect half of the members of municipal councils . The petition stated the 7 reformists had been arrested in an undignified way and had been denied access to lawyers to be informed of the specific accusations of their detention . The petition listed those being held as Issam basrawi, Saud al-Hashimi, Suleiman al-Rashudi, Sharif khalib, Musa al-Qarni, Abdul Rahman al-Shamiri and Abdul Aziz al-khariji . The petition also said that the reformists should be compensated upon their release . Writer Mohammed bin hudeijan al-Harbi told AFP in April 2007 that 3 of the reformists being held had signed a petition to King Abdullah calling for the establishment of an Islam-based constitutional monarchy . The petition demanded the introduction of a parliament elected by all adults - men and women in Saudi Arabia .
 On 18 August 2007 International Police Organization Interpol issued a red notice for Raghad Hussein on suspicion of terrorism . Interpol's red notice is not an international arrest warrant . Interpol's red notice is a request for foreign police forces to cooperate in finding and extraditing Raghad to Iraq . Raghad faces charges of terrorism in Iraq . Raghad Hussein is Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter . Interpol posted the red notice on Interpol's website . Interpol's red notice stated that an Iraqi arrest warrant was issued accusing Raghad of terrorism and inciting crimes against life and health . The red notice listed the name as Raghad Saddam Husayn al-Majid . The red notice stated that Raghad is believed to have both Iraqi and Jordanian nationality . Iraqi Interior Ministry operations director Major General Abdel Karim Khalaf stated that -- . A judicial order was issued against Raghad 1 year ago by the Central Criminal Court . The judicial order accused Raghad of funding terrorism . Raghad is living in Amman . Raghad's arrest would depend on Jordanian authorities . The order of Interpol binds on all countries are associated with Interpol . Raghad has lived in Jordan since July 2003 . Raghad is known by some as little Saddam . Raghad has an aggressive temperament . Since 2006 Raghad Hussein has been on a list of people associated with Saddam Hussein's regime . The new Iraqi government seeks to prosecute the people associated with Saddam Hussein's regime for allegedly inciting violence . The list has 41 people . Raghad's location at the time the notice was issued was unknown . Raghad has publicly defended Saddam . Sister Rana and mother Sajida have not publicly defended Saddam . Sajida is subject to an Iraqi arrest warrant . Interpol stated that Raghad has been the subject of a red notice since late 2006 . Interpol stated that people with knowledge of Raghad's location should contact local police or Interpol's headquarters . In Amman lawyer and member of Saddam's former defense team Issam al-Ghazzawi stated that -- . Raghad is a guest of King Abdullah II . Iraq requested that Jordan extradite Raghad in 2006 . At that time Jordan refused . Jordan cannot be forced to extradite Raghad . Interpol's arrest warrant may not be binding . In July 2006 Jordanian Prime Minister Maaruf Bakhit stated that -- . Raghdad Hussein and family were living under the protection of King Abdullah II . The presence of Mrs Raghad Saddam Hussein and her children in Jordan is motivated by humanitarian considerations . Raghad is the guest of the Hashemite royal family . In March 2003 Saddam was driven from power by a US-led invasion and fled . Saddam was the former dictator of Iraq . In December 2003 Saddam was captured . On 30 December 2006 Saddam Hussein was executed . In July 2003 US troops killed Saddam's sons Uday and Qusay Hussein . In July 2003 Raghad and family left Syria . Raghad and Rana sought refuge in Jordan . Raghad's mother Sajida and sister Hala sought refuge in Qatar . In 1996 Raghad and Rana's husbands General Hussein Kamel Hassan and brother Saddam Kamel were killed in Iraq . The men were killed after 5 years in exile in Jordan . Raghad and Rana's relations with Saddam, Uday and Qusay disintegrated after the men were killed . Raghad and Rana accused Saddam, Uday and Qusay of killing the men . Raghad and Rana helped hire a defense team for Saddam when Saddam was in U.S. custody . Jordanian authorities stated that Raghad could not abuse the terms of asylum by making political statements . Raghad's supporters accuse Baghdad's U.S.-backed government of persecuting Raghad for vengeance . Raghad Hussein is 38 years old . Raghad is known for being haughty and strong-willed . Raghad is a 5-foot-7 Socialite with a taste for stylish clothing . Raghad was an unlikely defender of Saddam's legacy . Amman is the capital of Jordan . Interpol is headquartered in Lyon, France .
 On August 20, 2007 Jordan ruled out any move to relinquish Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter Raghad . Raghad Saddam Hussein is wanted by the Iraqi government on suspicion of terrorism . Government spokesman Nasser Jawdeh told a press briefing that the issue of releasing Raghad Saddam Hussein has not been raised . Jawdeh said Raghad Saddam Hussein's presence in Jordan is motivated by humanitarian considerations and Raghad Saddam Hussein does not practice any political or media-related activities . Iraq on August 18, 2007 asked for Jordan's cooperation to arrest Raghad Saddam Hussein after the International Police Organization Interpol issued a wanted red notice . Iraqi Interior Ministry operations director Major General Abdel Karim Khalaf said a judicial order was issued against Raghad Saddam Hussein a year ago by the central criminal court . The court accused Raghad Saddam Hussein of funding terrorism . Khalaf said Raghad Saddam Hussein's arrest would depend on Jordanian authorities because the order of Interpol binds all countries who are associated with it and Raghad Saddam Hussein is staying in Amman . Raghad Saddam Hussein has lived in Jordan since July 2003 and since last year has been on a list of 41 people that the new Iraqi government is seeking to prosecute for allegedly inciting violence and are associated with Saddam Hussein's regime . Jordanian Prime Minister Maaruf Bakhit said in July 2006 that Raghdad Hussein and her family were living under the protection of King Abdullah II after Iraq issued its warrant .
 On 070904 the Russian anti-drug agency stated that a large quantity of opium and other drugs worth approximately 1.7 million United States dollars was seized in a major operation in six former Soviet bloc countries last week . The drug seizure was unprecedented in scope and involved the countries of the Collective Security Treaty Organisation . The Collective Security Treaty Organisation countries involved in the drug seizure were Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia and Tajikistan . The Russian anti-drug agency stated that the 9.7 metric tons of drugs seized included 191 kilograms of heroin, 226 kilograms of hashish, 4.3 metric tons of opium, 4.3 metric tons of marijuana, 11 kilograms of cocaine and 26 kilograms of synthetic drugs . The Russian anti-drug agency stated that Afghanistan participated in the joint anti-drug effort for the first time . The drug seizure operation was conducted from 070828 until 070903 and also involved Ukraine and Poland . The Russian anti-drug agency stated that Afghanistan is the world's top heroin producer and the drug seizure operation was codenamed Kanal-2007 . During the drug seizure operation an Afghan drug trafficker was arrested in carrying 15 kilograms of heroine and 35 kilograms of cannabis . Afghan drug trafficker was caught in Tajikistan . Tajikistan is part of the transit route used to smuggle drugs to Russia and western Europe .
 The Fars news agency stated that Iran hanged two drug traffickers in its southern port city of Bandar Abbas on September 6, 2007 . It was a day after Iran executed 21 criminals in one morning . The report said the two men were identified only as Ali D. and Karim T. and were hanged for trafficking in heroin and opium . It did not say if the men had been hanged in prison . Iran had hanged 17 drug traffickers in prison in its northwestern city of Mashhad on the morning of September 5, 2007 . Four other criminals were hanged in public in the southern city of Shiraz . Iran has recently increased executions of rapists, drug traffickers and others deemed a public menace as part of a campaign aimed at improving security in society . The new hangings bring the number of executions carried out in Iran so far this year to at least 191 . The executions are often public and almost always by hanging . That figure now exceeds the 177 people who were executed in 2006 According to Amnesty International . Iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after China .
 China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu stated on 6 September 2007 that statements that the Chinese military has made cyber attacks on the networks of foreign Governments are groundless and irresponsible and are a result of ulterior motives . Jiang stated that the Chinese government has opposed and prohibited any cyber crimes and has explicit laws and regulations regarding cyber crimes . Jiang stated the Chinese government was willing to cooperate with the international community to investigate the alleged attacks but Chinese police have not received any requests from relevant countries on cooperative investigations . Jiang's statement responded to news reports carried by The Times and The Independent newspapers in London that Chinese computer hackers had infiltrated British government networks . The Times quoted an unidentified British government source as stating that the Chinese government was engaged in hostile intelligence activities . The source stated the Chinese government is focusing on electronic means to hack into systems to discover Britain's defense and foreign policy secrets instead of using the old-fashioned methods and that the Chinese government is technologically advanced and adept at hacking . The reports were issued after US President George W. Bush stated that a discussion of the issue of suspected Chinese cyber-attacks on the US Defense Department could occur during a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao in Sydney on 6 September 2007 . The Pentagon stated on 4 September 2007 that several nations and groups had been trying to break into the US military's computer system after the Financial Times reported China's military had successfully hacked into the network in June 2007 . On 4 September 2007 Jiang denied the hacking allegation . German Chancellor Angela Merkel raised concerns during a visit to Beijing the week of 26 August 2007 after press reports stated Chinese military had conducted cyber espionage on government offices in Berlin .
 On 10 September 2007 China's Foreign Ministry refused to respond to comments made by a top French security official that government computer systems in France had been targeted in a Chinese cyber-attack . A Chinese Ministry spokesman stated that the Government of China did not have any information regarding the statements made by French Secretary General of National Defense Francis Delon . On 08 September 2007 Delon stated that information systems in France had been infiltrated by groups involving China . Delon did not directly implicate the Chinese military as unnamed officials in other countries have done . Delon stated that the French government has indications that its information systems were the object of attacks similar to attacks that have occurred in other countries . Delon's comments confirmed a report published in French newspaper Le Monde . Delon stated that the French government has proof of Chinese involvement in the cyber attacks but that this does not mean the Chinese government is involved . Delon stated that there is no indication now that the cyber attacks were launched by the Chinese People's Liberation Army . Press reports in recent weeks have cited unnamed officials from the United States, Germany and Britain stating that the Chinese military had been involved in cyber attacks on their government websites . On 06 September 2007 Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu denied involvement by China's army in international computer espionage . Jiang stated that allegations that the Chinese military launched cyber attacks on the networks of foreign Governments are groundless, irresponsible and the result of ulterior motives .
 China stated on September 11, 2007 that China is a frequent victim of cyber attacks . Several Western Governments including the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom have accused China's military of hacking the websites of Western governments . China has consistently denied that the Chinese army was involved in international computer espionage . Jiang Yu stated on September 4, 2007 that cyber attack accusations against China are groundless, irresponsible and a result of ulterior motives . The latest incident involves France and French Secretary General of National Defense Francis Delon stated on September 8, 2007 that government information systems in France had been infiltrated in attacks involving China . Francis Delon did not directly implicate the Chinese military or government . Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue . Jiang Yu stated that China's government has always been opposed to cyber crimes and has strict laws and regulations against cyber crimes .
 South Korea's Yonhap news agency stated on 21 September 2007 that the governments of North Korea and Syria have strengthened missile cooperation . Yonhap quoted unidentified North Korea observers and stated that the cooperation is composed of a barter system and began in 1995 due to Syria's worsening financial condition . Yonhap stated -- . Syrian missile engineers have stayed in Pyongyang to train and acquire technology . Syria has shipped cotton, food and computers to North Korea in return for buying short-range missiles . The United States government has accused North Korea of being a leading global proliferator of weapons of mass destruction . North Korea is impoverished and the North Korean government has continued exporting missiles which is a major source of hard currency earnings . Yonhap stated the North Korean government has sold approximately 100 missiles to Syria, Iran and other countries each year . North Korea's missile launches have heightened tensions in the region since 1997 . In 1998 the North Korean government test-fired a long-range missile over Japan and alarmed the Japanese government . In July 2006 the North Korean government test-fired 7 missiles including the Taepodong-2 which in theory could reach the US west coast . The North Korean government tested a series of short-range missiles in 2007 .
 On 25 September 2007 Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev stated to the UN General Assembly session that -- . Kazakhstan yielded tangible economic benefits by ending Kazakhstan's nuclear program . Kazakhstan voluntarily renounced nuclear arms . Kazakhstan urged other nations to renounce nuclear arms . acquiring weapons of mass destruction is irrational . Kazakhstan renounced Kazakhstan's nuclear missile arsenal . Kazakhstan dismantled the nuclear missile arsenal's infrastructure . For the first time in history a nation has voluntarily relinquished destructive force . Kazakhstan has experienced an inflow of considerable investments . The investments have become a foundation of accomplishments in global development . Kazakhstan has consolidated Kazakhstan's independence . Kazakhstan has received security assurances of all nuclear-weapon States . Other nations should follow Kazakhstan's example . Other nations should not waste money on the arms race . Kazakhstan has been approached by China and the West as a potential energy source . Pipelines are being built to connect Kazakhstan to the outside world . Kazakhstan's nuclear missile arsenal is the fourth largest in the world . Kazakhstan's Kashagan oil field may contain 38 billion barrels of oil . 13 billion of the 38 billion barrels of oil in Kazakhstan's Kashagan oil field are considered recoverable . Nazarbayev did not name Iran or North Korea .
 20071001 an anonymous senior Indian Home Ministry official engaged in anti-terrorism operations stated to AFP -- . Heads of federal intelligence agencies, State police chiefs and special agents from government units will meet 20071003-20071005 in New Delhi to discuss how to prevent extremist groups from investing in India's rapidly expanding stock market to fund terrorist attacks . The agenda will include received inputs that finances are or could be raised in the stock markets to fund terrorism in India and elsewhere . 20070900 the Indian spy agency the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) warned the national markets watchdog that individuals or groups linked to al-Qaeda could be investing in the rising stock market . India's benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange sensitive Index (Sensex) has recently experienced a series of record highs . As of 20071001 Indian markets have reached 11.63 billion dollars in 2007 . In the same period in 2006 the figure was 4.86 billion dollars . The official stated -- . India has an ongoing process to scan dubious investments hopes to further consolidate resources to oppose the new menace of investing to fund terrorism . The Government seeks to determine how recent terrorist attacks in India were funded . The Government has monitored global remittances to India to attempt to eradicate money laundering by outlawed extremist organizations . The official stated that the Central Reserve Bank of India and the Finance Ministry would begin the process of verifying operations by 100000s of sub-agents of international remittance firms . 20071001 The Times of India stated that the Government's financial intelligence unit has identified 800 suspicious transactions involving global remittance companies in recent months . India permits only inbound remittances through money wire transfer services with a cap of 2500 US dollars on each transfer . Recent terrorist attacks in India -- . 20070800 a series of bombs killed 42 people in Hyderabad . 20070500 a bomb attack at a mosque in Hyderabad killed 11 . 20060711 a series of bombs planted on rush-hour trains killed 186 and injured nearly 800 in India's financial center Mumbai . India has been engaged in a violent conflict with Islamic militants in disputed Kashmir since 1989 and faces regular attacks on security personnel in the revolt-ridden northeastern states .
 Home Minister Shivraj Patil of India issued an alert on October 3, 2007 against possible terror attacks at religious sites and warned that militants could fund the attacks with counterfeit money . Home Minister Shivraj Patil did not mention a specific threat . A national meeting of Indian security chiefs occurred after the alert issuance on October 3, 2007 . Officials stated in the meeting the security chiefs discussed ways to stop extremist groups using the country's fast rising domestic stock market to fund terrorist attacks . Heads of federal intelligence agencies, State police chiefs and special agents from government units attended the meeting . The meeting was 3 days long . Officials attending the meeting stated that funding of terrorism playeda large part in the closed discussions . The venue was guarded by heavily-armed soldiers . Shivraj Patil stated that the extremists are likely to create mischief and violence at places where innocent people congregate in large numbers . Shivraj Patil also stated that religious places, police and politicians can be attacked and fake currency notes may be used to fund terrorism . On September 3, 2007, the Research and Analysis Wing informed India's Market Watch Group that extremists linked to the al-Qaeda terror network might be putting money into India's bull market . A top intelligence official stated that various other agencies chasing ghost investors in stocks have given similar warnings . Shivraj Patil stated that terror attacks could affect foreign investment . Shivraj Patil also stated that because large volumes of funds are invested in development activities in India without a sense of security prevailing in the States investment is going to suffer in India . Shivraj Patil also stated that development needs security and security needs development and for that reason police cannot lag behind . Shivraj Patil is in charge of India's internal security . The Research and Analysis Wing is India's spy agency . Since August 2007 2 separate terrorist bombings in Hyderabad city have left a total of 53 people dead . Hyderabad city is India's emerging software hub . India's economy is growing at an annual rate of 9% . Only China's economy is growing at a faster annual rate . The high annual growth rate entices investors into all sectors . A bull run in the Indian stock markets has led to an unprecedented Fund inflow of 11.63 billion dollars so far in 2007 . This fund inflow exceeds the inflow of 4.86 billion dollars during the same period in 2006 . In July 2006 a series of blasts planted on rush hour trains killed 186 commuters and injured nearly 800 in Mumbai . Mumbai is India's financial hub .
 The state prosecutor stated on 4 October 2007 that an appeals court in Mauritania dropped money laundering charges brought against 2 lawyers defending a drug trafficker . In September 2007 prosecutors charged Mohamed Ould Ahmed Salem and khattry Ould Ahmed for money laundering after Salem and Ahmed received 10000s of euros believed to have been advance payment for services in the defense of a suspected Mauritanian trafficker . Salem and Ahmed were also accused of using criminally generated money after reportedly withdrawing from a currency exchange bureau the equivalent of 200000 euros (282000 dollars) transferred by the Mauritanian businessman . Salem denied the funds were related to the trafficking case but for a long-standing contract worth 2 million euros with the businessman for other issues . Acting Prosecutor Ahmed Ould abdellahi stated to AFP that a court on 3 October 2007 said the case was not valid because the prosecution had no jurisdiction to charge lawyers in a case already in the courts . 30 people including Mauritanians, Moroccans, Mexicans and Senegalese were arrested after 830 kilograms (1830 pounds) of cocaine was seized on a bus in the capital Nouakchott in August 2007 . The seizure is thought to be the biggest drug haul in Mauritania's history . West Africa has become an increasingly important transit point for South American drugs destined for Europe .
 Afghan authorities stated on 7 October 2007 that authorities had seized 4 tons of liquid heroin and 1 ton of hashish packed to look like a brand of instant yeast . The finds were made separately near the border with Iran which is a main smuggling route for drugs from Afghanistan . Deputy Interior Minister General Daud Daud told reporters in Kabul that the heroin was discovered on 6 October 2007 in the southwestern province of Farah when a drugs laboratory was raided . Daud stated that a total of 4030 kilograms (8866 pounds) of heroin and 1 ton of chemicals used to make the heroin were seized and the lab has been destroyed . Daud stated that the find was one of the Government's biggest . 4 men were arrested . Daud stated that the men exported the drugs in liquid form as animal medicine to Iran . Herat Province Governor Sayed Hussain Anwari stated that hashish was found at a customs office at the main border crossing between Afghanistan and Iran . Officials showed journalists a shipping container holding 100s of 500 gram packets of a brand of instant yeast called hollandia . Inside the wrapping was a 2nd covering around dark hashish that read black gold and Pak delight . The United Nations stated in an annual drugs survey released in August 2007 that Afghanistan's opium production in 2007 rose by approximately 1/3rd to 8200 tons annually . Afghanistan produces 93 percent of the world's opium used to make heroin . The U.N. survey said most of the opium is converted to heroin within Afghanistan and the main markets for Afghanistan's opium include Europe and Central Asia . The U.N. survey said the cultivation of cannabis which is used to make hashish increased from 50000 hectares (123500 acres) in 2006 to 70000 hectares in 2007 .
 Tajik border police said on October 8, 2007 that the police had killed 1 smuggler, wounded another and seized 90 kilos (198 pounds) of opium after intercepting the smugglers as the pair tried to enter from Afghanistan . A police spokesman told AFP that the smugglers had opened fire on officers after being told to surrender . The wounded smuggler was arrested and police seized the opium, 2 Kalashnikov rifles and aproximately 300 bullets . The police spokesperson stated that the smugglers were first spotted at Odinaboi . Odinaboi is a mountain village located near the border about 230 kilometers (140 miles) southeast of the capital Dushanbe . Tajikistan's border is 1344 kilometers (835 miles) long . Tajikistan southern border is Afghanistan . Avaz yudlashev said the security forces were bracing for more heroin and opium smuggling from Afghanistan . Opium production has increased in Afghanistan . Avaz yudlashev is from Tajikistan's anti-drug agency . 7 Afghan smugglers last month were sentenced to prison terms of between 17 and 20 years . The sentence was punishment for smuggling a total of 335 kilos of drugs into the country in summer of last year . A recent UN report stated that Afghanistan produces 93 percent of the world's opium used to make heroin and Afghanistan's opium production increased by a third to 8200 tons annually in 2007 . Afghan authorities said on October 7, 2007 that 4 tons of liquid heroin and 1 ton of hashish packed to look like a brand of instant yeast were seized . The seizure was one of the largest to date . The main markets for Afghanistan's opium include Europe and Central Asia .
 On October 27, 2007 Iran hanged 3 drug traffickers in the central province of Yazd . The unidentified men were convicted of trafficking, possessing, and distributing opium . One man was hanged in the prison of the town of ardekan and the other 2 were executed in the central prison of Yazd . Yazd is the provincial capital . At least 235 people have been hanged in Iran in 2007 according to a count compiled from local press reports and witnesses . Many people are hanged in public . In 2006 Iran hanged at least 177 people according to Amnesty International . Capital offences in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .
 Russian nationalists claimed on October 30, 2007 to have hacked into and disabled the official website of Ukrainian president Viktor Yushchenko in a retaliation cyber attack . The president's press office did not identify the suspected hackers . A group called the Eurasian Youth Union orchestrated the attack because the website of the Eurasian Youth Union had come under attack by Ukrainian authorities . The Eurasian Youth Union stated that President Viktor Yushchenko's official website will not work unless Ukraine stops attacking the official website of the Eurasian youth group . The President's Press Office stated that the attacks against Viktor Yushchenko's website www.President.gov.ua began on October 28, 2007 and continued onto October 30, 2007 . The President's Press Office stated that 18000 separate cyber attacks against the website were registered coming from the United Kingdom, Israel, Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation, Ukraine and the United States . The leader of the Eurasian Youth Union is banned from Ukraine for having vandalized Ukrainian national symbols on a mountain in the west of Ukraine . This ban occurred earlier in 2007 .
 Official news agency IRNA reported on 30 October 2007 that Iranian officials have hanged convicted drug trafficker jomeh Gomshadzehi in prison in the eastern city of Zahedan . Gomshadzehi smuggled narcotics to Turkey and Arab States in the Gulf . IRNA reported that Gomshadzehi killed a policeman and then escaped to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates while trafficking drugs in 2003 . IRNA reported that police confiscated approximately 3300 kilograms (7260 pounds) of opium, 84 kilograms (185 pounds) of heroin and 95 kilograms (209 pounds) of morphine during Gomshadzehi's arrest . Gomshadzehi's execution is approximately the 240th hanging in Iran in 2007 according to an AFP count compiled from press reports . Many hangings take place in public . According to Amnesty International Iranian officials executed at least 177 people in 2006 . Iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Iran serves as a transit route for drug traffickers from Pakistan and Afghanistan to Turkey and Europe . Many Iranian police are killed each year in clashes with gangs .
 Canadian bank robber Gerald Blanchard plead guilty on November 7, 2007 to stealing an antique jewelry piece made for the 19th century Austrian Empress Sisi . Blanchard revealed that he was funding Kurdish rebels in Iraq . Gerald Blanchard plead guilty to 16 charges for involvement in fraud and bank heists . The court was told that Blanchard had funneled money from stolen credit cards to Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq . According to prosecutors Blanchard and two other Canadians had traveled to Cairo, Egypt to use fraudulently obtained credit cards and debit information to obtain cash . Blanchard and the others then sent the money to a man in England identified only as the boss . Blanchard stated that the boss planned to use that money to finance activities of Kurdish fighters and possibly other terrorist groups . This was in a wiretap transcript . Government Attorney Sheilla Leinburd told AFP that Blanchard's lawyer's exact words were - the money went to the Kurdish freedom fighters in Iraq . Leinburd stated that it was known that the money was used to fund terrorism . Leinburd said British authorities know the identity of the boss but have not revealed the identity to the Canadian authorities . Leinburd said Blanchard was sentenced to 8 years in prison for running a criminal organization . Canadian police recovered the koechert diamond Pearl from a Winnipeg house during a raid in June 2007 . The raid was at the cusp of a two-year investigation of a string of bank break-ins across Canada . The koechert diamond Pearl is also called the star of Empress Sisi . The star of Empress Sisi was stolen in June 1998 from an alarmed and secure glass display on exhibition at Castle schonbrunn in Vienna, Austria . The exhibit had marked the centennial anniversary of the assassination of Elisabeth of Austria . Elisabeth of Austria is better known as Empress Sisi . Sisi (1837-1898) was the wife of Emperor Franz Joseph I and renowned for her tragic life, her beauty and ankle-length hair, a strict diet and exercise regime to maintain her 20-inch (50-centimeter) waistline . Sisi was also known for her series of reputed lovers . Sisi was stabbed in the heart by a young anarchist in Geneva at age 61 . Sisi's last words were reportedly what happened to me? . Trials are pending for seven others in Blanchard's group linked to mortgage, credit card and debit card fraud in Canada, Europe and Africa .
 On 9 November 2007 Union of rightist forces party leader Nikita Belykh stated on a personal website that the official website of the Union of rightist forces has come under a massive Hacker attack and as a result has stopped working . Belykh stated that the character and scale of the Hacker attack mean that the attack is part of an operation against the Union of rightist forces that is being carried out according to the plan of the Russian presidential administration . Belykh stated the Union of rightist forces' server was attacked from 400 locations around the world at an intensity of 5000 to 6000 connections per second . Belykh stated the Union of rightist forces' website located at www.sps.ru could resume functioning by 10 November 2007 . The Union of rightist forces is a liberal opposition group which has denounced an official campaign against the Union of rightist forces ahead of parliamentary elections on 2 December 2007 .
 The official IRNA news angecy reported that late on 11 November 2007 Iran hanged convicted drug trafficker Nader kalbali . Kalbali was hanged in Zahedan . Kalbali was carrying 2 kilograms (4.5 pounds) of heroin . Iran's Sistan-Baluchestan Province is considered a key transit point in the International Opium and heroin trade . Sistan-Baluchestan borders Afghanistan and Pakistan . Sistan-Baluchestan is a southeastern province . Zahedan is the capital of Sistan-Baluchestan Province . Amnesty International reported that at least 177 people were executed in Iran in 2006 . At least 254 have been hanged in Iran in 2007 . The number 254 was tabulated with an AFP count compiled from press and witness reports . Iran has increased executions in recent months . Iranian officials have launched a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Iran is an Islamic republic .
 State news agency IRNA reported that on 24 November 2007 Iran hanged Shamseddin darvakh gorgich and Mahmoud Shah Pashtoon . Gorgich and Pashtoon were convicted of drug trafficking in Zahedan . The executions were Iran's most recent effort to increase public security . Gorgich and Pashtoon were executed in prison . Gorgich and Pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in Sistan-Baluchestan Province . Sistan-Baluchestan lies on a major narcotics route from Afghanistan and Pakistan in southeastern Iran . The total number of executions in Iran in 2007 is 269 . The number of executions in Iran in 2007 was calculated by an AFP count compiled from press reports . Many of those executed in Iran are hanged in public . In recent months Iran has increased executions . Iranian officials are enforcing a campaign against drug traffickers, extortionists and rapists . Amnesty International states that Iran executed at least 177 people in 2006 . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Iran is an Islamic republic . Zahedan is a city in southeastern Iran .
 Nuclear company Areva of France announced on 26 November 2007 that Areva had agreed to deliver 2 third-generation nuclear reactors to China as part of a package of deals worth 8 billion euros (11.9 billion dollars) . Areva signed the reactors agreement with China Guangdong Nuclear Power Corporation (cgnpc) in a ceremony in Beijing attended by Sarkozy and Chinese President Hu Jintao . The agreement was reached after months of expectations that China would buy 2 European pressurized water reactors (EPRs) from Areva . The EPRS will be delivered by the end of 2013 and 2015, respectively . Areva also agreed to transfer third generation nuclear technology to cgnpc which would market the equipment in China through a joint venture . On 27 November 2007 French President Nicolas Sarkozy stated to students at Beijing's elite Tsinghua University that French and Chinese officials will create a joint venture in the nuclear field . Sarkozy stated -- . Sarkozy is not worried about technology transfer . French officials would share advanced technologies with Chinese officials to form the basis of a win-win situation . The French government is neither a customer nor a supplier but a strategic partner . Sarkozy's comments contrast concerns expressed by other foreigners that foreign technology may be taken by a potential Chinese partner and the foreign firm would then be denied any future profits . The Chinese government is intent on developing Chinese technologies in many high-tech industries including aerospace and autos so as not to be reliant on foreign companies and ensure Chinese government can cut costs .
 A senior government official of Spain stated that the Spanish government will use informal discussions outside of meetings at the OSCE conference to seek a compromise to Russia's threat to suspend its participation in the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty . The Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty is considered a key arms control treaty . The treaty limits the deployment of tanks, aircraft and other heavy weapons across the continent . Approximately 40 foreign ministers from the 56-nation security and democracy agency OSCE are participating in the 2-day meeting that commences 28 November 2007 in Madrid, Spain . Spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the OSCE . Earlier in 2007 the Government of Russia stated that as of 12 December 2007 it would cease implementation of the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty . Russian President Vladimir Putin states that the decision is a response to U.S. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern Europe and to NATO's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty . Spain's Director for Foreign Affairs for Europe and North America Jose Pons stated that a meeting of high-ranking officials from nations that have signed the treaty would take place on 27 November 2007 in an effort to reach a solution . Pons stated to reporters -- . The meeting must be handled with prudence because the issue is difficult . There have been many contacts between the most concerned countries with the United States and Russia . There have been advances but no solution . Last week Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos stated that there was a desire among all parties including Russia to reach an agreement on the issue . The Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty was signed on November 19, 1990 in Paris by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Warsaw Pact . NATO and Warsaw Pact nations were the 2 opposing blocs during the Cold War . The treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the Soviet Union . Russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the United States and other NATO members have refused to do so arguing that Moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from Georgia and from Moldova's separatist region of Trans-Dniester .
 Russia's decision to suspend its participation in a key arms control treaty and Kazakhstan's bid for chairmanship of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) will be 2 of the major issues discussed at the OSCE conference in Madrid, Spain to occur on 29 November 2007 and 30 November 2007 . The OSCE conference will be attended by foreign ministers of the 56 member nations . The OSCE monitors issues regarding international security and democracy . Earlier in 2007 the Government of Russia announced it will suspend implementation of the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty as of 12 December 2007 . The Treaty is a key pact limiting the deployment of tanks, aircraft and other weapons across Europe . Russian President Vladimir Putin has stated the suspension is a response to U.S. plans to establish missile defense sites in Poland and the Czech Republic and to the deployment of U.S. and other NATO forces in former Soviet republics in Europe . The OSCE features a rotating presidency and Spain is the current president . Spain plans to hold a meeting outside the Conference agenda in order to reach a solution regarding Russia's planned suspension of the treaty . Russia and the U.S. are members of the OSCE . Last week Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos stated that there was a desire among all parties including Russia to reach an agreement . The 1990 treaty originally set limits on weapons for NATO and Warsaw Pact countries . The treaty was revised in 1999 after the collapse of the Soviet Union . To be discussed will be the role of the OSCE's election monitoring unit following its decision earlier in November 2007 to boycott the parliamentary elections in Russia to be held on 02 December 2007 . The OSCE's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) defended the decision to boycott citing Russian authorities' delays in issuing visas and unwarranted restrictions imposed on the OSCE observation mission . On 26 November 2007 Putin stated that the OSCE had canceled its planned vote monitoring on the recommendation of the U.S. State Department and that the aim is to discredit the elections . Russia has denied obstructing the observers and has stated the elections will conform with Russian law . Kazakhstan's bid to assume the rotating chairmanship of the OSCE in 2009 is expected to be a major topic of discussion at the conference . Kazakhstan's bid for the OSCE chairmanship is the first bid from a former Soviet Union nation . The Government of Kazakhstan has lobbied for the chairmanship arguing it has a stable political situation, multilateral foreign policy and strong economy distinguishing it from other former Soviet countries . Several OSCE member States have questioned Kazakhstan's democratic credentials . Kazakhstan is an oil-rich country . Head of the Assessment Risks Group in Kazakhstan's capital Almaty is Dosym Satpayev . Satpayev stated that Kazakhstan's chances of winning its bid for the chairmanship were considerably reduced after its last general elections were not recognized as conforming to OSCE standards . Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev's political party Nur Otan won all the seats in the parliamentary election held in August 2007 . The choice of the OSCE chairmanship is made by consensus . Opposition by 1 country would be enough to deny Kazakhstan the chairmanship . British newspaper The Financial Times reported on 27 November 2007 that OSCE officials will offer Kazakhstan a deal organized by Spain under which the country would assume the rotating chairmanship in 2010 or 2011 . OSCE spokeswoman Virginie coulloudon stated that such a deal is 1 scenario among 5 or 6 others . Kazakhstan's Foreign Ministry insists the country is still seeking the chairmanship for 2009 .
 Court officials stated on November 30, 2007 that 15 people have been sentenced to death in Vietnam for drugs trafficking in two different trials . 11 people including 4 women were given the death penalty in Hanoi for trafficking 440 kilograms or 968 pounds of heroin . 7 other members of the same drug trafficking ring were jailed for life and 4 received terms from 17 months to 20 years at the 11 day trial which ended on November 29, 2007 . The ring was found guilty of selling heroin in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City from 2000 until the arrest early in 2007 . On November 29, 2007 in the central province of Nghe An a court sentenced 4 people to death and jailed 3 others for life after the individuals were found guilty of trafficking heroin according to an official at the provincial court after a 2 day trial . Vietnam gives the death penalty to anyone caught with more than 600 grams of heroin or more than 20 kilograms of opium . 78 people have been put on death row in Vietnam since the beginning of 2007 . In 2006 Vietnam sentenced at least 71 people to death mostly for drug trafficking and murder . Vietnam is a communist nation .
 State media said on December 1, 2007 that twelve people were sentenced to death . A Vietnamese court found them guilty on November 30, 2007 of trafficking more than 70 kilograms (154 pounds) of heroin . The ruling Communist Party's daily Nhan Dan newspaper said that judges in the five-day trial in the northern province of Quang Ninh handed life prison terms to eight others . Another nine members of the same gang were jailed for between 18 months and 30 years . The defendants were convicted of trafficking the heroin from several northern provinces between 2005 and May 2006 . Several of the defendants were related . 15 people were sentenced to death on November 29, 2007 for drug trafficking in two different trials in Hanoi and the central province of Nghe An . Another ten were jailed for life . Possession of more than 600 grams (21 ounces) of heroin or more than 20 kilograms (44 pounds) of opium is punishable by death in Vietnam . At least 90 people have been sentenced to death since the start of 2007 according to figures compiled by AFP from officials and state media . The death sentences were mostly for drug trafficking and murder .
 State news agency IRNA reported that Iranian officials publicly hanged 2 convicted drug traffickers and 1 convicted rapist in the clerical city of Qom on 2 December 2007 . The drug traffickers were identified as Yahya Madadi and atollah poolzehi and were hanged for trafficking more than 100 kilograms (220 pounds) of heroin . The rapist was identified as Hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking . Police Force Commander of Qom province Rahim Khorshid stated to the crowd during the hangings that the police are serious in the policy of decisively combating thugs and drug traffickers . According to an AFP count compiled from press reports the hangings bring the total number of executions in Iran in 2007 to 273 . Executions have increased in Iran in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign against what the authorities call thugs such as drug-traffickers, extortionists and rapists . Iran officials executed at least 177 people in 2006 According to Amnesty International . A large number of the executions have been public including the hanging of 2 killers in Tehran city center . The public executions served as warnings by the authorities of the seriousness of the campaign against criminals . Iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after China . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, drug trafficking and adultery .
 On 04 December 2007 on day 2 of a state visit to Algeria by French President Nicolas Sarkozy the Governments of France and Algeria signed billions of dollars of oil and gas deals and a nuclear accord . One of the purposes of the visit was an effort to address damage done to Algeria by French colonialist conquest and occupation . On the tour Sarkozy promoted a new economic partnership with the energy-rich North African nation and underscored historic tensions between France and its former colony Algeria . On 03 December 2007 Sarkozy was applauded at an Algiers business forum for a speech denouncing colonialism as unjust . Sarkozy did not apologize for the atrocities committed by French troops and settlers during Algeria's 1954-1962 war of independence . Following a visit to the World Heritage archaeological site of Tipaza west of Algiers Sarkozy's delegation held meetings in which contracts worth approximately 5 billion U.S. dollars were finalized . Algerian and French officials signed a wide-ranging accord on civil nuclear energy that addresses the use and development of nuclear energy for peaceful ends . The civil nuclear energy accord is described by a French source as the first between the Government of France and an Arab-Muslim country . The deal addresses research, technology transfers and electricity production, as well as prospecting and digging for uranium . Among the myriad gas and oil accords French oil company Total signed a deal to invest 1.5 billion U.S. dollars (1 billion euro) in a new petrochemical plant in Algeria . According to the deal total in partnership with Algeria's Sonatrach will develop a plant at the port of Arzan west of the Algiers at a total estimated cost of 3 billion U.S. dollars . Gaz de France (GDF) stated that it extended its existing gas contracts with Sonatrach from 2013 to 2019 in a deal worth approximately 2.5 billion euro per year at current market prices . As head of a consortium that includes the Egyptian firm Orascom the company Alstom finalized a deal with Algeria for a combined cycle gas turbine power plant to be built in the western Terga region . France ruled Algeria from 1830 to 1962 . Algeria became 1 of France's proudest possessions . France populated Algeria with 10s of 1000s of settlers . Algeria is the second biggest country in Africa . The Government of France and its former colony have maintained an uneasy relationship since 1962 . 45 years later plans for a friendship treaty remain stalled over France's refusal to apologize for past events . In his speech on 03 December 200 Sarkozy stated that the colonial system was profoundly unjust and contrary to the 3 founding words of the French Republic which are freedom, equality and brotherhood . Sarkozy stated that within that system there were many men and women who loved Algeria before they were forced to leave it . Algerian Interior Minister Yazid Zerhouni stated that while Sarkozy's remarks were a sign of progress they were not sufficient . During a state lunch with Sarkozy the Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika was more positive . Bouteflika called Sarkozy Mr. President and dear friend . Bouteflika stated that this visit would allow Algeria and France to overcome problems in the relationship . Bouteflika stressed the potential for scientific, technological and economic cooperation between France and Algeria stating that both countries had a duty to promote an exchange of people, ideas and wealth . Bouteflika stated that the estimated 3 million Algerian migrants and their French-born descendants should serve as a bridge between the 2 countries .
 State media in Myanmar stated security forces arrested 8 opium farmers during raids in poppy fields in eastern Myanmar on 29 November 2007 . New Light of Myanmar newspaper stated -- . Police and soldiers raided 3 poppy fields in Eastern Shan State which is part of the Golden Triangle region on the borders of Myanmar, Laos and Thailand . The Golden Triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium . The authorities had already destroyed approximately 70 of the 140 acres (57 hectares) planted with poppies and plans are under way to destroy the remaining poppy fields . Myanmar is the 2nd largest opium producer in the world after Afghanistan . The UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) stated that in 2006 opium production jumped by 46 percent after years of sharp declines . Myanmar government has stated Myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 . The UNODC stated Myanmar's production has fallen behind Afghanistan in recent years and now accounts for only 6 percent of the world opium market, compared to 63 percent in 1998 . The UNODC stated Thailand has been opium free for 20 years while Laos has slashed opium production by 94 percent since 1997 .
 State television reported Iranian authorities hanged 4 convicted drug traffickers in the northeastern city of Bojnourd on 11 December 2007 . The channel stated the 4 were also guilty of alcohol-related crimes and illegal sexual relations . 1 convict was hanged in public . The channel showed still images of the hanging of 1 convict from a crane in front of large crowds . The channel broadcast an image of the 3 other criminals hanging from a frame in a prison yard . An AFP count compiled from Iranian press reports show the executions bring the number of people hanged in Iran in 2007 to approximately 284 . Many of the people executed are hanged in public . Amnesty International stated Iranian authorities executed approximately 177 people in 2006 . The Islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after China . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Executions have increased noticeably in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign against what authorities call thugs such as drug-traffickers, extortionists and rapists .
 A report said that Russia offered to help Libya on December 19, 2007 in its pursuit of nuclear energy and announced a visit to Libya this weekend by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov . Foreign Ministry Spokesman Mikhail Kamynin said that Russia is ready to help Libya realize its enduring right to attain civilian nuclear energy . This is according to the RIA Novosti news agency . Kamynin said Lavrov would visit Libya for two days and would meet Kamynin's Libyan counterpart abdelrahaman Shalgham for discussions on a range of issues . The spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the U.N . Libya was one of five new members elected in October 2007 as non-permanent members of the U.N. Security Council for 2008 and 2009 . Kamynin said Russia recognizes the participation of Libya in the work of the U.N. Security Council . It brings a contribution to the reinforcement of the non-proliferation regime and the maintenance of peace in Africa . The spokesman said Russia is ready to cooperate tightly with Libya at the heart of the U.N. Security Council . Russia and Libya have shared policies towards a majority of international problems . Libya was accused of seeking to acquire weapons of mass destruction by Western governments . Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi renounced in late 2003 all attempts to develop a non-conventional arsenal . Kadhafi initiated the lifting of western sanctions and the restoration of diplomatic relations . Russia is not the first European power to show it is keen to promote its nuclear technology in Libya as foreign companies engage in fierce competition to make a profit in Libya after its 20 years of isolation . France announced in early December 2007 plans to sell nuclear reactors to Libya . President Nicolas Sarkozy welcomed Kadhafi for a five-day visit to Paris . The visit drew protests from rights groups and senior politicians . They accused Sarkozy of betraying the human rights cause by bestowing international respectability on Kadhafi's Libya . Kadhafi has reconciled with the West after renouncing terrorism . Libya was implicated in the 1988 bombing of a PanAm airliner over the Scottish town of Lockerbie and of a French passenger jet over Niger . The United States agreed to the nuclear energy deal between France and Libya . The United States said it expected Libya to respect its decision to renounce weapons of mass destruction . The United States announced in 2006 a full normalization of ties and lifted Libya from a State Department list of state sponsors of terrorism and raising diplomatic relations to the level of ambassadors . Russia on December 17, 2007 started nuclear fuel deliveries to Iran's first atomic power station . Teheran defied international pressure by announcing plans to produce more fuel for its nuclear program . Russia's announcement that fuel had been sent to the unfinished Bushehr power station marked progression for Iran's nuclear ambitions . Western and Israeli governments fear that it masks a secret bomb-making project .
 A report said Russia offered on 071219 to help Libya in the pursuit of nuclear energy and announced a visit to Libya this weekend by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov . Russian foreign ministry spokesman Mikhail Kamynin said the Russians are ready to help Libya realize civilian nuclear energy . Kamynin said Lavrov would visit Libya for 2 days starting from 071223 and would meet Libyan Foreign Minister abdelrahaman Shalgham for discussions on a range of issues . kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the UN . Kamynin said the Russian government salutes the participation of Libya in the work of the UN Security Council and that Libya brings a contribution to the reinforcement of the non-proliferation regime and the maintenance of peace in Africa . Libya was 1 of 5 new members elected in 071000 as non-permanent members of the UN Security Council for 080000 and 090000 . Kamynin said the Russian government is ready to cooperate tightly with Libya at the heart of the UN Security Council and maintain shared policies towards a majority of international problems . Libya was long accused by Western governments of seeking to acquire weapons of mass destruction . In late 030000 Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi renounced all attempts to develop a non-conventional arsenal and thus cleared the way for the lifting of western sanctions and the restoration of diplomatic relations . Russia is not the first European power to show interest in promoting nuclear knowledge in Libya as foreign companies engage in fierce competition to make a profit in Libya after the north African country's 20 years of isolation . France earlier in 071200 announced plans to sell nuclear reactors to Libya and President Nicolas Sarkozy welcomed Kadhafi for a 5-day visit to Paris . The visit drew fierce protests from rights groups as well as senior politicians who accused Sarkozy of betraying the human rights cause by bestowing international respectability on Kadhafi's Libya . The United States showed approval of the nuclear energy deal between France and Libya by saying it expected Libya to respect the decision to renounce weapons of mass destruction . Kadhafi has patched up relations with Western nations after renouncing terrorism . Libya was implicated in the 880000 bombing of a PanAm airliner over the Scottish town of Lockerbie and of a French passenger jet over Niger . The United States in 060000 announced a full normalization of ties and lifted Libya from a State Department list of state sponsors of terrorism while raising diplomatic relations to the level of ambassador .
 Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov arrived in Libya on 23 December 2007 for talks with Libyan Foreign Minister Abdelrahman Shalgham on the development of a nuclear energy program in Tripoli . Shalgham met Lavrov at maatiga military airport outside Tripoli at the start of the trip . A Libyan official stated Lavrov was due to meet Prime Minister Baghdadi Mahmudi . Russian officials announced Lavrov's visit and stated on 19 December 2007 that Russia was ready to help Libya realize the right to attain civil nuclear energy . A Russian government spokesman stated on 19 December 2007 that Lavrov would hold discussions on a range of international and regional issues . The Libyan government renounced efforts to acquire weapons of mass destruction in 2003 to repair troubled relations with the West . The Russian government and foreign companies are competing to profit from nuclear knowledge in Libya after Libya's isolation since 1987 ended . The French government in December 2007 announced plans to sell nuclear reactors to Libya and President Nicolas Sarkozy welcomed Kadhafi for a 5-day visit to Paris . Human rights groups protested Kadhafi's visit and senior politicians stated Sarkozy was bestowing international respectability on Libya .
 A Vietnam court official stated on 071228 that Vietnam has sentenced 8 heroin traffickers and has raised total number drug smugglers to receive the death penalty to 43 people from 071128 until 071228 . A Hanoi People's Court Clerk stated to the Agence France-Presse that the Hanoi People's Court jailed 29 other people in the most recent mass trial for trafficking heroin across Vietnam's mountainous northern region for over two years . A Hanoi People's Court Clerk stated to the Agence France-Presse that 18 of the 29 people jailed in the most recent mass trial received life sentences . During the most recent mass trial in Hanoi People's Court it was stated that the drug smuggling gang worked on a common drug trafficking route to smuggle the heroin from the northwestern Son La Province near the Lao border to the capital Hanoi, the port of Haiphong and to Ho Chi Minh City . Since late 071100 the Vietnamese Courts have sentenced at least 43 people to death and jailed scores more in several group trials against heroin smuggling syndicates, extended family and clan networks . Vietnam's police stated that the Vietnamese police have uncovered more than 8200 drug trafficking cases involving 12500 offenders in 070000 . The Vietnam News Agency reported that the Ministry of Public Security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in Vietnam came mostly from Laos, Cambodia, Australia, China, the United States and Taiwan . The Vietnam News Agency reported that the Ministry of Public Security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into Vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited . Vietnam's mountainous northwest region accounted for almost half of the confiscated heroin in Vietnam while the Chinese border area was identified as another highly active drug smuggling region in Vietnam . Experts stated that heroin is the most popular illegal drug in Vietnam and heroin is the leading cause of HIV infections because heroin is often injected with shared needles . Experts stated that most heroin in Vietnam comes from the Golden Triangle of countries that includes Myanmar and Laos . Communist Vietnam and most Asian countries impose harsh penalties for drug smugglers . People caught with over 600 grammes of heroin or 20 kilogrammes of opium in Vietnam are sentenced to death by firing squad . Opium is the raw material used to make heroin . Vietnam has a centuries-old history of opium use and the cultivation of opium was vastly expanded under French colonial rule. during the Vietnam War the heroin that travels from the nearby Golden Triangle to Western markets rose sharply . The post-Vietnam War Vietnamese government mostly eradicated large-scale opium cultivation and in 040000 estimated that little more than 30 hectares of opium poppy fields remained in Vietnam . The opium poppy fields remained in 040000 in Vietnam were mostly grown by remote and poor ethnic minority villagers . Experts stated that Vietnam's proximity to Myanmar and Laos and Vietnam's porous borders and long coastline have made Vietnam a major drug transit country . Myanmar and Laos are still the second and third largest opium producers after Afghanistan . Domestic drug abuse in Vietnam has risen sharply since the decade of 900000 . The United Nation's office for drugs and crime control stated that domestic drug abuse in Vietnam has risen sharply especially in the cities where heroin continues to be the preferred drug among younger drug abusers . In a 050000 report the United Nation's office for Drugs and Crime control stated that opium smoking had long given way to heroin smoking and increasingly heroin injection in Vietnam . Heroin injection currently causes approximately 60 percent of known HIV infections in Vietnam . The state-run English language Vietnam News daily reported on 071228 that in the Vietnamese-Lao border province of Dien Bien the authorities have recently launched a major campaign against the rise in heroin smuggling activity . Villagers in Dien Bien province had been asked to sign pledges not to grow opium poppy, not to use opium, and not to help smugglers carry or sell drugs . The state-run English language Vietnam News daily reported that drug traffickers had become more sophisticated and dangerous and that some drug traffickers were ready to attack police with firearms and grenades .
 On 28 December 2007 a Vietnamese court official stated that Vietnam has sentenced 8 heroin traffickers to death . Now more than 40 drug traffickers have received the death penalty in Vietnam over the last month . Heroin is the most used illegal drug in Vietnam . Most heroin in Vietnam is from Golden Triangle countries Myanmar and Laos . Heroin in Vietnam is most often injected with shared needles . Heroin is the leading cause of HIV infections in Vietnam . The Hanoi People's Court imprisoned 29 other heroin traffickers . 18 were imprisoned for life . A court clerk stated that the 29 were imprisoned for trafficking approximately 19 kilograms (42 pounds) of heroin across Vietnam's mountainous north over 2 years . The court heard that -- . The gang utilized a common trafficking route . The gang had smuggled heroin from Son La Province and sold it in Hanoi and Haiphong . Vietnam imposes harsh penalties for drug smugglers . Most Asian countries impose harsh penalties for drug smugglers . Smugglers apprehended with more than 600 grams of heroin or 20 kilograms of opium are sentenced to death by firing squad . Since late November 2007 Vietnamese Courts have sentenced at least 43 people to death and jailed many others . The sentences were made in several group trials against heroin smuggling syndicates . The syndicates are often extended family and clan networks . Vietnam is Communist . Hanoi is the capital of Vietnam . Haiphong is a port city in Vietnam . Opium is the raw material of heroin . Son La Province is located in the northwestern highlands of Vietnam near the Laos border .
 A newspaper report on January 1, 2008 that Iran hanged two convicted drug traffickers in the southeastern city of Zahedan . This brings the number of executions for 2007 to at least 297 . The hardline Kayhan newspaper said the men were identified as Mehdi Rigi Javan and Naser hedieh sasooli and were hanged in prison on December 31, 2007 for trafficking 59 kilos (130 pounds) of heroin . An AFP count compiled from local press reports stated that the executions brought the number of people hanged in Iran in 2007 to at least 297 . This figure well exceeds the 177 convicted criminals executed in 2006 According to Amnesty International . Iran is currently the leader in death penalty executions after China . The number of executions increased in Iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society . The campaign has been aimed at arresting drug-traffickers, rapists and those deemed a social menace . Dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public . Several executions have occurred in major cities . Capital offences in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Rights groups have accused Iran of employing the death penalty excessively . Authorities say capital punishment is an effective deterrent that is only used after an exhaustive judicial process .
 The Government of Iran hanged 5 convicted drug traffickers on 02 January 2008 . The 5 hangings were the most recent in an increasing number of executions in Iran . Iran is an Islamic republic . Iranian state media reported -- . 3 of the 5 drug traffickers were hanged in a public square in the central city of Qom . 2 of the 5 drug traffickers were hanged in the eastern city of Zahedan . The hangings were the first Iranian executions to be reported in 2008 . The official IRNA news agency stated that the 3 drug traffickers hanged in Qom were -- . Safarali Nazari Ashkar convicted of trafficking 455 grams (1 pound) of heroin . Sohbatollah Malaki who trafficked 170 grams (0.3 pounds) of heroin . Habib oliaei convicted of smuggling 590 grams (1.3 pounds) . Local judiciary official Hoda torshizi stated that by implementing God's law the Iranian government is increasing security in society and sending a message that violating the law will not be tolerated in Qom . State media did not identify the 2 convicts hanged in Zahedan but stated that they had been found guilty of transporting 5.25 kilograms (11.5 pounds) of heroin . Iranian law administers severe penalties for drug trafficking . A person found guilty of smuggling more than 30 grams (0.06 pounds) of heroin or 5 kilograms (11 pounds) of opium may receive the death penalty . According to an AFP figure compiled from press reports the government of Iran executed at least 297 people in 2007 . The total was a marked increase from 2006 in which 177 people were executed according to Amnesty International . The number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which Iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society . Iran currently administers the death penalty more than any other country besides China . Capital offenses in Iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery . Human rights groups have accused Iran of excessive resort to the death penalty but Iranian authorities state that capital punishment is an effective deterrent that is used only after an exhaustive judicial process .
 A report compiled by experts from the Center for Strategic and International Studies, the US Institute of Peace and the Asia Foundation stated that China has contingency plans to dispatch Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops to North Korea and secure nuclear weapons in the event of instability in North Korea . The experts visited China 20070600 to confer with Chinese military researchers . The report stated -- . China's strong preference is to receive formal authorization and coordinate closely with the UN in any possible intervention . China would take unilateral action to restore stability if the international community did not react in a timely manner as the internal order in North Korea deteriorated rapidly . The report stated -- . PLA researchers claim that contingency plans exist for the PLA to perform three possible missions in North Korea -- humanitarian, peacekeeping and environmental control . The environmental control measures are intended to clean up nuclear contamination resulting from a strike on North Korean nuclear facilities near the Sino-North Korean border and to secure nuclear weapons and fissile materials . The report stated -- . China's main priority in the event of instability in North Korea would be prevention of an influx of refugees by assuring supplies of food and strengthening border controls . PLA officers stated that they would attempt to close the border but admit a lack of confidence that they could do so successfully because the border extends 866 miles and can be easily penetrated . North Korea reportedly possesses up to 10 nuclear bombs but is currently involved in a denuclearization program in return for energy aid and diplomatic and security guarantees under a six-party mechanism involving the United States, China, Russia, South Korea and Japan . The program recently encountered difficulties when the US accused North Korea of failing to meet the 20071231 deadline for a full declaration of nuclear programs . The report was published on the websites of us think tanks the Center for Strategic and International Studies and the US Institute of Peace and is entitled "keeping an eye on an unruly neighbor -- Chinese views of economic reform and stability in North Korea." .
 20080114 French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE to discuss exporting French nuclear technology and expertise . 20080115 Sarkozy will sign a framework accord with the UAE on nuclear energy cooperation . Sarkozy proposed dispatching French nuclear experts to Saudi Arabia during talks in Riyadh . The UAE and other Gulf States seek nuclear power in addition to existing oil and gas wealth . France has previously signed nuclear energy accords with the Arab nations Algeria and Libya and will consider possible nuclear cooperation with Morocco and Egypt . France leads the multi-billion dollar nuclear industry . Areva constructs reactors, mines uranium and supplies fuel . The utility Electricite de France operates nuclear plants . Sarkozy intends to direct a global revival of the nuclear industry . The revival is motivated by concern over global warming and high energy prices . Sarkozy stated that France will aid any country in the acquisition of civilian nuclear power . 20080114 French Oil Corporation total announced an agreement with Areva and utility group Suez concerning the planned construction of 2 modern nuclear power plants in Abu Dhabi . France plans further nuclear cooperation with numerous countries . 20071100 Areva agreed to deliver 2 reactors to China for 8 billion euros . Areva is bidding to build further reactors in the US and South Africa . Vietnam, Indonesia, Chile and Argentina have expressed interest in purchasing French-designed nuclear reactors . 20080100 Sarkozy will visit New Delhi and hopes to sign a nuclear energy accord with India . Sarkozy believes that increased cooperation with the Arab world will augment the diplomatic isolation of Iran . Sarkozy stated that sharing of civilian nuclear technology will be a foundation of a pact of confidence which Western countries must forge with the Islamic world . Sarkozy stated that denying Arab nations civilian nuclear power on the basis of being Arab gives credence to Iran's argument . For Francois heisbourg of the London-based International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) stated -- . France's strategy depends on highlighting Iran's error in defying the international community over the nuclear issue . Non-nuclear countries will be difficult to mobilize against Iran if they are treated the same way as Iran . Some are concerned over the potential risk of supplying nuclear technology to Arab States because the region is unstable and dominated by authoritarian regimes and Islamic extremism . German energy minister Gernot Erler stated in response to France's decision to provide nuclear technology to Libya that the risk of proliferation goes up with every country that uses nuclear energy . French environmentalists stated that Sarkozy is not sufficiently addressing concerns about human rights, the environment and international security . Jean-Pierre maulny of France's Institute for International and Strategic Relations (IRIS) stated that associated with the spread of civilian nuclear energy in a sensitive region is the risk of military nuclear programs unless control is absolute . Heisbourg stated that the potential for proliferation associated with French civilian nuclear aid is outweighed by the risk of covert program based on technology transferred from countries such as Pakistan . Iran is suspected of concealing military ambitions of its clandestine nuclear programs and is subject to international sanctions due to refusing to comply with UN demands .
 Saeed Jalili's party and Javier Solana's party stated that Iran's chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili and European unuion foreign policy chief Javier Solana plan to hold talks in Brussels on 080123 to discuss Iran's nuclear program . Saeed Jalil stated that Saeed Jalil and Javier Solana has arranged a meeting for the evening of 080123 . Saeed Jalil's statement came after a question-and-answer session in the European Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee . Saeed Jalil stated at the European Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee that that Iran did not have any nuclear ambitions . Saeed Jalil stated that in Iran's defence doctrine the nuclear weapon has no place . Saeed Jalil stated that Saeed Jalil did not understand how it was possible that 3 resolutions have been issued for Iran's peaceful nuclear activities and that Iran is against weapons of mass destruction . Saeed Jalil stated that the countries claiming that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons are currently busy testing the second and third generation of nuclear weapons the countries claiming that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons have turned some countries into arsenals of weapons of mass destruction . Javier Solana's office confirmed that the meeting between Saeed Jalil and Javier Solana would take place at 1930 Greenwich Mean Time . Saeed Jalili's visit to Brussels came a day after the 5 permanent United Nations Security Council members plus Germany agreed on the text of a new resolution on Iran over its nuclear program . The 5 permanent United Nations Security Council members are Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States . Frank-Walter Steinmeier stated that the new United Nations resolution on Iran's nuclear program that was agreed upon by 5 permanent Security Council members plus Germany in Berlin on 080122 will be presented to the full Security Council in the coming weeks . Frank-Walter Steinmeier is Germany's foreign minister . A senior US official in Berlin stated that the new United Nations resolution on Iran's nuclear program increases the severity of the sanctions already in place and will also introduce new elements and gave no additional details . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov stated that the new United Nations resolution on Iran's nuclear program envisages direct talks with the Iranian government that would include the United States . Saeed Jalili was questioned by reporters after the European Parliament Foreign Affairs Committee meeting and did not comment on the moves to bring a new United Nations resolution against Iran and stated only that sending the Iran nuclear dossier to the Security Council was illegal . Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad in Tehran played down the impact of any future Security Council resolution on the Iran's controversial nuclear program after world Powers stated they had agreed on a new United Nations measure . Iranian state television stated that Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated that the Security Council should know that such illegal behaviour will be ineffective against the will of the Iranian people . The last time Saeed Jalil and Javier Solana met was late in 071100 in London a month after a meeting in Rome . The European Union foreign policy chief stated after the Saeed Jalil and Javier Solana London talks that the European Union foreign policy chief was disappointed after failing to make a breakthrough in the negotiations . Javier Solana is seeking to convince Iran to agree to suspend Iran's uranium enrichment activities and offering as an incentive huge cooperation between Iran and western countries . Western countries fear the Iran could try to produce an atomic bomb . Iran is an Islamic republic .
 The Russian Federation's secret service stated on January 25, 2008 that Western and Asian spy agencies were trying to obtain information on technology for making weapons of mass destruction . The FSB stated that Russian agents have uncovered spying attempts by Western and Asian spy agencies in enterprises specializing in nuclear energy, biology and nanotechnology work in Siberia . The report made reference to a spying incident in 2007 in Novosibirsk where a Chinese national and several other foreigners were deported for trying to obtain information on technology for making weapons of mass destruction . The FSB is the Russian Federation's secret service . Novosibirsk is a forested region located about 2800 kilometers or 1740 miles east of Moscow that is well-known in Russia for its research centers and specialist laboratories . The local head of the FSB is Sergei savchenkov .
 NATO Deputy Secretary General Claudio bisogniero stated on 28 January 2008 that NATO members are hopeful that the Governments of Saudi Arabia and Oman will decide to join the Istanbul Cooperation Initiative (ICI) . Bisogniero made the statement to delegates at a conference in the Qatari capital Doha . NATO leaders launched the ICI at a meeting in Istanbul in 2004 . The ICI is an initiative to enhance cooperation between NATO and Arab States in fighting terrorism, the flow of weapons of mass destruction and illegal arms trafficking . Joint military exercises are also part of the ICI . Bisogniero stated the security of countries in the Gulf region matters to NATO members and that Iran's nuclear activities and missile program are a continuing concern to NATO nations and to the international community . Bisogniero stated Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates joined the ICI, . Head of the Qatari armed forces General Hamad Al-Attiyah stated that a NATO presence in the Gulf region could help secure stability . Governments in the pro-US Gulf states are wary of Iran's nuclear program but are also concerned by the United States Federal Government's refusal to rule out military action as a last resort .
 20080131 British Defense Minister Derek twigg stated in a written answer to parliament -- . The Defense Ministry had apologized and awarded 3 million pounds in compensation to 360 former service personnel claiming to have been mislead into participating in chemical weapons trials during the cold war . The ministry had not admitted liability and the payment constituted a full and final amicable settlement . Twigg stated -- . The Government accepts that there were defective aspects of the trials in which the life or health of participants may have been endangered . The trials were frequently under considerable pressures of time as new threats emerged . The Government acknowledges the debt Britain owes to the victims of the trials . The veterans claim to have been informed that they were volunteering for cold remedy tests and have suffered ill-health as a result . The trials occurred at the government's military chemical and biological defense research facility at Porton Down in southwest England in the 1950s and 1960s . In 1953 20-year-old Royal Air Force Engineer Ronald Maddison was killed when the nerve agent sarin was dropped on Maddison's arm at Porton Down . The inquest held confidentially on national security grounds shortly after Maddison's death gave a verdict of misadventure . 20041100 a coroner's inquest demanded by Maddison's family ruled the death an unlawful killing . 20060500 Maddison's family was awarded 100000 pounds . Maddison's is the only known death among at least 20000 service personnel who participated in tests at Porton Down 1939-1989 . Not all were exposed to chemical or nerve agents .
 Officials stated that on 080204 India and Pakistan signed an accord to exchange security information . This Accord opened up a new channel of communication between India and Pakistan . India and Pakistan are nuclear-armed rivals . The accord makes conditions possible for regular contacts between India's military-funded Institute of Defence Studies and analysis and Pakistan's state-run Institute for Strategic Studies . The accord stipulates that the Institute of Defence Studies and analysis and Pakistan's state-run Institute for Strategic Studies will send experts to participate in state-sponsored workshops in India and Pakistan and later engage in joint military research projects . The Institute of Defence Studies and analysis and the Institute for Strategic Studies are 2 mutually-suspicious think tanks . Shireen Mazari stated at the accord signing ceremony in New Delhi that the purpose of the accord is to build channels of communication at the level of scholars and that exchanges of security studies had been limited in the past because of the strained ties between India and Pakistan . Shireen Mazari is the director of Pakistan's Institute for Strategic Studies . Narendra sisodia stated that the accord was a landmark because India and Pakistan have never had open discussions on security issues with the exception of contacts at international forums . Narendra sisodia is the Head of India's Institute of Defense studies and analysis and a former Indian Defence Secretary . Narendra sisodia stated with caution that the 080204 accord between the Institute of Defence Studies and analysis and the Institute for Strategic Studies would not replace any official dialogue . India and Pakistan are South Asian rivals who have fought 3 wars since India and Pakistan's independence from British rule in 470000 . India and Pakistan set in motion a slow-moving peace process in 040000 only 5 years after they came dangerously close to a fourth conflict . The 040000 peace process dialogue has led to closer Indian and Pakistani political contacts and greater transport links . The armies of India and Pakistan have avoided direct contacts except for annual discussions on unresolved disputes .
 UN Office on Drugs and Crime representative Christina Oguz stated that Afghanistan has done little to stop the corruption enabling drug trade and Afghanistan's institutions are too weak to combat drug trade . Oguz stated to AFP in an interview that the drug industry in Afghanistan produces more than 90 percent of the world's illegal opium and that ending the industry in Afghanistan will take decades . Drug production escalated in 2007 and furthers deteriorating security . Drug production will be a main focus of ministers, donors and aid agencies meeting in Tokyo on 5 February 2008 through 6 February 2008 to assess progress in Afghanistan . A paper prepared for the talks said the expansion of the narcotics industry represents the single greatest threat to afghanistans stability and is increasingly linked to insecurity and terrorist activities . The source of the document is the website of the joint coordination and monitoring board (jcmb) which is a committee working to implement Afghanistan's 5-year reconstruction plan . The paper said the drug trade funds terrorism, fuels corruption and undermines the rule of law that should bring security to the people of Afghanistan . The paper said traffickers provide weapons, funding and personnel to anti-government rebels while corrupt officials offer protection of drug trade routes, poppy fields and people . 6, Oguz stated a focus of the Tokyo talks will be the need for immediate action in lieu of talking . Oguz stated -- . The fact that President Hamid Karzai has not appointed a counternarcotics minister to replace the minister who resigned in July 2008 indicates the priority given to drug production even though Karzai has said drug production is 1 of the most important issues for Afghanistan to tackle . Very little has been done to fight corruption . Corruption feeds the industry in that farmers often have to pay a 10 percent tax to Afghan officials or Taliban insurgents . Farmers must pay various bribes . Farmers receive less than 1/4 of the 4 billion dollars that annual trade earns which is equal to more than 1/2 of the legal gross domestic product . No one questions how people have very low salaries but drive in expensive cars and live in expensive houses . Typically only the couriers are arrested . Oguz stated bigger criminals are extremely difficult to find . Some are not living in Afghanistan despite being Afghans . Afghanistan's opium is increasingly converted into heroin inside Afghanistan and supplies drug users in Europe, Central Asia and the Middle East . Oguz stated blaming Afghanistan for the world's heroin problem would be unfair as heroin production is a shared responsibility . Chemicals needed to turn opium into heroin come primarily from the developed world and are illegally sent to Afghanistan . Oguz stated the national strategy to deal with the drugs trade should be tailored to the different circumstances in the 34 provinces . 13 provinces were declared opium-free in 2007 which is double the figure from 2006 . Oguz stated -- . The focus should be on interdiction in southern Afghanistan because of the common interest between insurgents and drug traffickers to keep the south out of reach from the government in Kabul and the international aid community . The north and center of Afghanistan have more order and government structure and should be offered incentives like development to persuade farmers and other players to cease opium production . Oguz stated the necessity of a long-term effort to combat the drug problem with Afghanistan rebuilding from below-scratch . Oguz stated the drug trade links into corruption and the insurgency and will not be an easy task to combat . Oguz stated combating the drug trade in Thailand took 20 years even though Thailand had some functioning institutions .
 The Consortium for countering the financing of terrorism launched in Singapore on 12 February 2008 and aims to inhibit militants' access to funds in Southeast Asia . The Association of Banks in Singapore, the Singapore Government and the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies launched the consortium in Singapore with plans for later involvement of other countries in the Asia Pacific region . The Consortium aims to strengthen cooperation between banks, government agencies and academia to cut off funding for extremist groups . Terrorism analyst and head of the Singapore-based International Centre for political violence and terrorism research Rohan Gunaratna stated the Consortium seeks to make the transfer of money difficult for extremist groups . Gunaratna spoke to reporters on the sidelines of a closed-door Seminar on countering the financing of terrorism and stated militant groups including the Abu Sayyaf and Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) move between 2 and 3 million US dollars per month to fund terrorist activities in Southeast Asia . Gunaratna stated the estimate was based on data gathered from the debriefing of captured militants, examination of documents seized from militant training camps and from intelligence reports . Gunaratna stated groups involved in the fund transfers include the Abu Sayyaf and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front which both operate in the southern Philippines as well as the Southeast Asia-based JI and groups in southern Thailand and Indonesia . Authorities blamed JI for bombings which killed mostly foreigners among 202 people on the Indonesian resort island of Bali in 2002 and a series of other attacks . Gunaratna stated militant groups use the banking system, informal money transfers and couriers carrying bags filled with cash to transfer the funds . Gunaratna stated a portion of the money is raised in Southeast Asia while some comes from the Middle East and other countries .
 On 080303 at the International Atomic Energy Agency urged Iran to clear up allegations of Iran's covert nuclear weapons program as the United Nations Security Council imposed new sanctions against the government of Iran . The International Atomic Energy Agency is the United Nations atomic watchdog . Mohammed ElBaradei stated that Mohammed ElBaradei urged Iran to be as active and as cooperative as possible in working with the International Atomic Energy Agency to clarify the allegations of Iran's covert nuclear weapons program and that the allegations are of serious concern . Mohammed ELBarade is the International Atomic Energy Agency's Director General . On the first day of the 35-member board of governors meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency's regular March meeting Mohammed ElBaradei stated that Iran's active cooperation is necessary to enable the International Atomic Energy Agency to make a determination about the nature and scope of all of Iran's past nuclear activities . The International Atomic Energy Agency's board of governors meeting in Vienna was expected to be held until 080305 or 080306 . At the International Atomic Energy Agency's board of governors meeting other issues including North Korea's stalled disarmament process were on the meeting's agenda . Iranian issues were expected to dominate the International Atomic Energy Agency's board of governors meeting proceedings following the release of Mohammed ElBaradei's latest report on the Iranian government's disputed nuclear weapons ambitions . The alleged Iranian covert nuclear weapons program issue was expected to be discussed by the International Atomic Energy Agency's board of governors on the afternoon of 080304 . Diplomats stated that moves were underway to draft a resolution to press the Iranian Government to address key concerns about alleged weaponisation studies . If resolution currently underway is adopted then the resolution would be the first such resolution in 2 years . In New York on 080303 the United Nations Security Council voted overwhelmingly to increase United Nations sanctions on Iran due to Iran's refusal to suspend Iran's sensitive nuclear fuel work . Western countries fear the intent of Iran's sensitive nuclear fuel work is to develop nuclear weapons . A resolution sponsored by Britain, France and Germany gained the backing of 14 of the United Nations Security Council's 15 members . Indonesia abstained from voting on the resolution . The vote to increase the United Nations sanctions on Iran had been planned for 080301 . The vote to increase the United Nations sanctions on Iran was delayed until 080303 to give the sponsors time to try to win over 4 reticent United Nations Security Council members . The 4 reticent United Nations Security Council members were Indonesia, Libya, South Africa and Vietnam . The Iranian government was allegedly involved in military research that indicated the development of non-conventional weapons according to recent intelligence presented to the International Atomic Energy Agency Board last week . The Intelligence presented to the International Atomic Energy Agency Board was derived from a number of different independent sources and covered a uranium conversion project, high explosives tests and a missile re-entry vehicle modified to accommodate a possible nuclear warhead . The Intelligence presented to the International Atomic Energy Agency Board suggested that Iran continued to work on nuclear weapons beyond the 030000 date cited in a recent United States intelligence report . The Iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the International Atomic Energy Agency Board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake . The International Atomic Energy Agency insists that the Iranian government's simple denials of the Intelligence presented to the International Atomic Energy Agency Board are not good enough to allay Western countries suspicions . Mohammed ElBaradei stated that Iran continues to maintain that these alleged weaponization studies are related to conventional weapons only or are fabricated and that a complete examination of the issue of the these allged weaponization studies has not commenced . Mohammed ElBaradei stated that it was regrettable that Iran had not suspended Iran's nuclear enrichment activities in line with United Nations Security Council resolutions and was continuing Iran's work on more advanced uranium-enriching centrifuges . Iranian Ambassador Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated the allegations of Iran's covert nuclear weapons program were politically motivated . Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated that the alleged alleged Iranian weaponization studies covered activities that were not strictly nuclear and therefore did not fall under International Atomic Energy Agency jurisdiction . Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated that it is the Iranian government's point of view that all outstanding questions about Iran's nuclear activities had been resolved and the peaceful nature of Iran's nuclear program proven . Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated that Iran would react to further United Nation's sanctions with measures of Iran's own . Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH did not specify what actions Iran's measures would consist of . Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated that Iran would continue to cooperate with the International Atomic Energy Agency despite the additional sanctions . Mohammad Saeedi stated that any resolution by the United Nations Security Council would complicate and make a resolution of the long-running standoff between the Iranian government and the international community more difficult . Mohammad Saeedi is the deputy head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organisation .
 20080303 deputy head of the country's atomic energy organization Mohammad Saeedi stated -- . A new UN Security Council resolution against Iran's nuclear activities would be irrational and unlawful and complicate the standoff with Western nations rather than promoting resolution of the issue . The path of the Security Council and any new resolution lacks legal credibility . Supporters should be held accountable for their illegal act . 20080303 the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) board of governors met in Vienna to discuss the Iranian nuclear issue . IAEA chief Mohammed ElBaradei demanded that Iran address allegations of involvement in covert nuclear weapons work . Iran denies seeking atomic weapons and claims that only to endeavor to enrich uranium to lower levels to create nuclear fuel for its rapidly increasing population . Iran demands the closing of the nuclear case because the most recent IAEA report stated that the Agency had made important progress in a 4-year examination of Iran's nuclear program . Saeedi stated that reports by IAEA chief Mohammed ElBaradei presented a clear picture of Iran's nuclear program . The IAEA stated -- . The Agency remains unable to confirm the nature of Iran's nuclear program . Iran continues to defy UN demands to suspend uranium enrichment . Intelligence presented to the IAEA board the week of 20080225 suggested that Iran was involved in military research indicating non-conventional weapon development . Iran dismissed the allegations as baseless and the intelligence used to back them as spurious . Saeedi stated that the Iranian Government has submitted an assessment of the claimed studies and has no remaining commitments in the matter . Diplomats stated that the IAEA board was considering tabling a resolution pressuring Iran to reveal its disputed nuclear activities . Iranian Ambassador to the IAEA Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated that countries on the board should resist the potential action because there are no suitable grounds for such a resolution . The UN Security Council planned to increase sanctions on Iran later on 20080303 in an attempt to force Tehran to suspend uranium enrichment that the West fears is aimed at producing a secret nuclear weapon . Saeedi spoke to the official IRNA news agency in Vienna .
 20080303 the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)' s 35 member Board of Governors met in Vienna to discuss director general Mohammed ElBaradei's latest report on Iran and the scheduled 1600 GMT UN Security Council vote on new sanctions over Iran's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment . Diplomats stated -- . Depending on the outcome of the Security Council vote, the IAEA board is considering tabling a separate resolution demanding that Iran reveal its disputed nuclear activities . The IAEA Board does not intend to undermine the primary action of the UN Security Council in New York but a resolution would emphasize the Agency's continued interest in the Iranian nuclear issue . The IAEA board has not made a resolution in 2 years . US envoy to the IAEA Gregory Schulte stated to reporters prior to the meeting -- . Despite limited progress in addressing past issues, troubling questions remain about Iranian activities that strongly suggest a clandestine weapons-related program . The Board is likely to support the Security Council's call for Iran to suspend its enrichment-related activities . Indications of weapons work constituting a violation of NPT obligations and Iran's violation of Security Council resolutions provide strong reason for the Security Council and the IAEA to continue to investigate Iran . ElBaradei's latest report stated -- . Iran addressed the majority of outstanding questions about its past nuclear program but refused to address allegations about its purported nuclear weapons work . Iran is pursuing and expanding uranium enrichment in flagrant violation of UN demands . Enriched uranium can be used to make the fissile material for an atomic bomb . The week of 20080225 IAEA governors received detailed intelligence suggesting -- . Iran was involved in military research incompatible with conventional weapon activities . Iran continued nuclear weapons work beyond the 2003 date cited in a recent US intelligence report . Iran has dismissed the allegations as baseless and the intelligence used to back them as spurious . 20080303 Iranian Ambassador Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated to reporters that the alleged weaponization studies covered activities that were not strictly nuclear and therefore did not fall under IAEA jurisdiction . SOLTANIEH stated that the IAEA's involvement with the allegations was politically motivated . ElBaradei stated in the opening address to the IAEA board -- . Addressing the allegations is necessary to enable the Agency to determine the nature and scope of all of Iran's past nuclear activities . Iran should be as active and as cooperative as possible in working with the IAEA to clarify this matter of serious concern . Other items on the agenda for the potentially week-long IAEA meeting include the stalled North Korean disarmament process .
 20080304 Iranian Ambassador to the United Nations Mohammad khazaie stated to the official IRNA news agency -- . UN Security Council sanctions over the Iranian nuclear program reveal that the Security Council has been manipulated to implement the foreign policy of Western countries and undermine the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) . The resolution is illegitimate and illegal . 20080303 the UN Security Council imposed the 3rd set of sanctions against Iran in 15 months to castigate Iran's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment potentially used to create nuclear weapons . Britain introduced the sanctions with resolution 1803 and subsequently delayed the vote in order to obtain unanimous approval and increase the impact of the message . 14 of the council's 15 members voted in favor of the resolution, including initial dissidents Libya, South Africa and Vietnam . Indonesia abstained . Provisions of the resolution -- . Iran must comply with UN and IAEA demands to suspend uranium enrichment within 3 months . Officials involved in Iran's nuclear and missile programs are banned from travel . Additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze . Shipments to and from Iran suspected of containing prohibited goods must be inspected . States are encouraged to exercise vigilance in entering new commitments for public-provided financial support for trade with Iran, including the granting of export credits . Reaction to the resolution from Iran was limited . President Mahmoud ahmadinejad has stated that previous resolutions are inconsequential and the sanctions will have no impact on Iran's nuclear program . By 1100 GMT on 20080304 no Tehran-based top Iranian official had given a reaction to the resolution . The resolution received low-profile coverage on state television and was absent from leading news headlines . State radio emphasized Indonesia's abstention as a defeat for the US . Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert stated that Israel possesses the necessary power to defend itself against any threat from Iran . Iranian officials considered the International Atomic Energy Agency IAEA's latest report a success for Iran despite the Agency's inability to confirm that the nuclear program was peaceful . Iran hoped that the nuclear case would be removed from the Security Council if the government continued to cooperate with the IAEA to answer questions about past ambiguities in its atomic program . Iranian Ambassador to the IAEA Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated to the ISNA news agency that Western countries in the Security Council intend to damage the efforts of the IAEA . Intelligence presented to the IAEA Board suggested -- . Iran is involved in military research indicating the development of non-conventional weapons . Iran continued nuclear weapons work beyond the 2003 date cited in a recent US intelligence report . The Iranian government stated -- . The Iranian nuclear program remains peaceful . The documents presented to the IAEA are fraudulent . IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei stated to the 35 members of the IAEA's board of governors in Vienna that Iran should be as active and cooperative as possible in working with the agency to clarify the seriously concerning matter of the alleged intelligence . The 6 world powers issued a statement following the UN vote requesting further talks between EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and top Iranian nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili to resolve the deadlock . The head of the Iranian parliament's foreign policy commission Alaeddin Boroujerdi stated that Iran's Supreme National Security Council should react to the resolution with a new decision concerning negotiation with the EU .
 Japan's public broadcaster NHK cited unnamed diplomatic sources and reported on 2 April 2008 that government in Pyongyang began exporting multiple-launch rockets to military-ruled Myanmar after an agreement to normalize ties in 2007 . NHK stated full-scale exports of the rockets had been handled by an unnamed Singapore trading company but gave no further details . NHK stated the weapons exports are in violation of economic sanctions imposed on North Korea after the north Korean Government conducted a nuclear test in October 2006 . NHK stated multiple-launch rockets are 24 centimeters (9.4 inches) in diameter and about 1 meter or yard long with an approximate range of 65 kilometers (40 miles) each . Singapore's Foreign Affairs Ministry stated on 3 April 2008 that the Singapore government will investigate the allegations that a Singapore trading company was linked to the North Korean exports . A spokesman with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement that the allegations are being taken seriously and will be investigated . The spokesman with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated the Ministry is committed to fulfilling international obligations to prevent the proliferation and illicit trafficking of arms and weapons of mass destruction . The United States Government has stated that Myanmar and North Korea are outposts of tyranny and imposes sanctions on Myanmar and North Korea .
 On 18 April 2008 the South African Transport and Allied Workers Union (satawu) stated that -- . satawu plans to deny delivery of a shipment of arms from China to Zimbabwe . satawu plans to hold protests at the Durban harbor . It would be grossly irresponsible for the cargo to be allowed to reach Zimbabwe . Tension in Zimbabwe is mounting . Zimbabwe awaits results of the presidential election 3 weeks ago . Satawu spokesman Randall Howard told AFP -- . satawu does not believe it is in the interest of the Zimbabwean people if South Africa acts as conduit of arms and ammunition into Zimbabwe . The situation in Zimbabwe could be described as quite volatile . It has been confirmed that there is arms and ammunition on board the ship . 30 of the 36 containers on board the ship were carrying equipment for the mining industry in South Africa and Botswana . 6 of the 36 containers are bound for Zimbabwe . 4 of the containers bound for Zimbabwe have arms and ammunition in the them . The other 2 contain military aircraft ejector seats . The containers will not be offloaded . The cargo has political blood on it . A Chinese ship is currently anchored outside the port of Durban . The Chinese ship is called an Yue Jiang . An Yue Jiang awaits permission to dock and offload its cargo . According to copies of the inventory published by the Beeld daily newspaper An Yue Jiang's cargo includes -- . 3 million rounds of AK-47 ammunition . 1500 rocket propelled grenades . more than 3000 mortar rounds . mortar tubes . The South African litigation Centre has filed an urgent application in Zimbabwe's High Court . The South African litigation centre is a legal grouping focusing on human rights issues . The South African litigation Centre's application is to suspend a conveyance permit allowing the arms to be offloaded and transported . The legal action is brought in terms of the National Conventional Arms Control Act . The National Conventional Arms Control Act requires that the granting of a permit not contribute to suppression of human rights or provide arms to Governments that systematically violate fundamental freedoms . South African litigation Centre Director Nicole Fritz announced in a statement that -- . There have been increasing accounts of widespread attacks on Zimbabwe's civilian population by government forces . This is a clear circumstance in which South African authorities are obliged to refuse the grant of any conveyance permit . Zimbabwe's opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) stated that -- . President Robert Mugabe's ruling ZANU-PF is in preparation for a war against the people . The war against the people follows disputed elections in March 2008 . Pro-Mugabe militias are being supplied with weaponry . 2 MDC members have been killed by Mugabe supporters . A coalition of Zimbabwean doctors stated that doctors have treated more than 150 patients who were beaten and tortured since the 29 March 2008 election . President Thabo Mbeki told reporters in New York that -- . The weapons in Durban harbour have nothing to do with South Africa . Mbeki does not know what Zimbabwe imports from China or what China imports from Zimbabwe . Zimbabwean Information Minister bright matonga told South African radio that -- . Every country has a right to firearms . The use of firearms is private .
 Police in the Philippines said on 080421 that they had arrested a Taiwanese man who was allegedly involved in a massive drug trafficking and fraud operation . Chih Chien Yang was held on 080419 after a raid at Chih's suburban Manila home where police claimed to have seized equipment used in counterfeiting credit cards and passports . The police accused Chih of involvement in large-scale fraudulent activities which also funded Chih's trafficking operation . Chih Chien Yang was also known as jeff Yang . Police said officers had additionally found 70 kilos of Ketamine with a street value of some 8.5 million dollars at Chih's home . Ketamine is a regulated veterinary anesthetic that is converted by crime gangs to an illicit crystal form and sold as a recreational drug . Drug trafficking is a capital offence in the Philippines and Yang could be jailed for life if found guilty . Drug enforcement agencies have identified the Philippines as a major trans-shipment hub of illegal drugs in Southeast Asia mostly utilized by Chinese criminal syndicates .
 On 23 April 2008 the Government of Switzerland stated that it had frozen the assets of a further 12 Iranian companies in accordance with new United Nations sanctions aimed at stopping Tehran's alleged nuclear program . 13 individuals and the 12 companies have been added to an existing blacklist of 23 companies and 27 people . Switzerland's Federal Council stated -- . 5 Iranian nationals are banned from entering and passing through Switzerland . Switzerland will ban the delivery of dual use materials that could be used for the manufacture of nuclear plants . Switzerland will ban the export of some drones and missiles . In March 2008 the UN Security Council imposed its third set of sanctions against Iran within 15 months in order to punish the Iranian government's refusal to suspend uranium enrichment . There is concern among world leaders that Iran could use the enriched uranium to make nuclear weapons . The resolution allows Iran 3 months to comply with demands to suspend uranium enrichment and includes a complete ban on travel by officials involved in Tehran's nuclear and missile programs . The resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze . Switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with Iran have been criticized in recent months after Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey traveled to Tehran in March 2008 to sign a deal with Iran's state gas firm . Jewish-American group the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) published full-page advertisements in Swiss and international papers in April 2008 accusing Switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal . This charge is vehemently rejected by the Swiss Government . The ADL published advertisements in the International Herald Tribune, The Wall Street Journal and the New York Times with headlines calling Switzerland the world's newest financier of terrorism . Iran is an Islamic republic . The Governments of Israel and the United States also criticized the deal between Iran's state gas firm and Switzerland's elektrizitaets-Gesellschaft (Egl) laufenburg whereby Iran will reportedly supply 5.5 billion cubic meters (194 trillion cubic feet) of gas annually from 2011 .
 The media reported on 080425 that a Pakistan-born man who was implicated in al-Qaeda's weapons of mass destruction program was granted a Canadian visa and then was arrested upon the man's arrival at Canada's largest airport . The Canadian Broadcasting Company cited a secret document sent by border authorities to public safety Minister Stockwell Day on 070700 that stated that the Pakistan-born man had obtained a visa from Canada's High Commissioner in London to live temporarily in Canada . The Canadian Broadcasting Company is a public broadcasting company . The Pakistan-born man was arrested by border guards at Toronto's international airport after arriving on a flight from Newcastle, England . While verifying his passport, the border guards determined the Pakistan-born man had been flagged as a threat to national security while verifying the Pakistan-born man's passport . The Pakistan-born man was arrested on 070712 and interrogated . The Pakistan-born man was then deported to the United Kingdom on 070713 . Canadian Broadcasting Company stated that the Pakistan-born man had renounced the Canadian visa and requested to be returned to the United Kingdom immediately after his arrival in Canada . The pilot refused to allow the Pakistan-born man onto the pilot's plane . A spokesman for Stockwell Day was not immediately available for comment .
 German Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed skepticism on Aril 29, 2008 about countries forming energy and trading ties with Iran which could end up making the countries too dependent on Iran . Angela Merkel made this statement after a meeting with Swiss President Pascal Couchepin . Angela Merkel stated that the comment was not referring to Switzerland in particular . Switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the Islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey traveled to Tehran in March 2008 to sign a gas deal . Israel and the United States criticized the deal between Iran's state gas firm and Switzerland's elektrizitaets-Gesellschaft laufenburg . The deal states Iran will supply 5.5 billion cubic meters or 194 trillion cubic feet of gas annually from 2011 . The Anti-Defamation League took out full-page advertisments in Swiss and international newspapers earlier in April 2008 accusing Switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal . Bern rejected the charge . Pascal Couchepin stated the deal was only one part of a wider project to diversify energy sources over the coming years . Pascal Couchepin stated that a long-term goal is to make sure Europe is not reliant on any one provider of oil and gas . Pascal coucepin plans to travel to oil and gas exporter Azerbaijan on May 10, 2008 . Angela Merkel stated that the two leaders also discussed transport and tax issues on Angela Merkel's first official bilateral visit to Switzerland . Later on April 29, 2008 Angela Merkel was scheduled to visit the CERN physics laboratory near Geneva . The Anti-Defamation League is a Jewish-American group .
 An official stated that on 080521 Japan passed a new law allowing the use of space programs for defense and reversed a decades-old policy amid increasing concern about military threats in the region of Japan . Experts stated that Japan has no current plans for a new defence project in space and that the new law could make it possible for Japan to launch early-warning satellites . The new law states that the use and development of space should be done in accordance with the pacifist spirit of the Japanese Constitution and benefit the security of Japan and the international community . The new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in Japans's space industry . The new law comes amid growing concerns in Japan about North Korea's ballistic missile development and China's military and space programs . A Japanese government upper house official stated that the Japanese government's opposition-controlled upper house voted 221 to 14 to revise a 690000 parliamentary resolution limiting Japan's use of space to non-military applications . The bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of Japan's government last week . The opposition Japanese Communist Party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military . Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Nobutaka Machimura dismissed concerns that the new law could mean that Japan's defence capabilities could exceed the constitutional limits . Kyodo News reported that the top Japanese government spokesman stated in a press conference that it would be ridiculous would think that Japan would try to invade another country by using satellites and that it is impossible for Japan to invade another country by using satellites . Proponents of the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense in Japan state that the new law is necessary because Japan has fallen behind other nations in space technology and China is attempting to capture space business in Asia, Africa and Latin America . Japan's US-imposed post-World War II constitution states that Japan will never again wage war . Japanese troops have not wage war since 450000 . Japan has one of the world's largest defence budgets . Japan has stepped up military research after North Korea surprised the world in 980000 by firing a missile over the Japanese mainland into the Pacific Ocean . China also alarmed Japan in 070000 by conducting a test to shoot down a satellite . Japan has been increasing the Japanese space program and is currently conducting the most extensive probe of the Moon since the United States Apollo missions of the decades of 600000 and 700000 .
 An official stated that on 080521 Japan passed a new law allowing the use of space for Defense purposes . This new law reversed a decades-old policy amid increasing concern about military threats in the region of Japan . The bill for the new law was already approved by the Japanese Government's Lower House last week . The purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in Japans's space industry . Experts stated that Japan has no current plans for a new defence project in space and that the new law could clear the way for the launch of early-warning satellites . The passing of the new law comes amid growing concerns in Japan about North Korea's ballistic missile development and China's military and space programs . A Japanese government upper house official stated that the Japanese government's opposition-controlled upper house voted 221 to 14 to revise a 690000 parliamentary resolution limiting Japan's use of space to non-military applications . The opposition Japanese Communist Party was against the bill proposing the new law . The Japanese Communist Party feared the new law would lead to a stronger military . Japan's United States-imposed post-World War II constitution states that Japan will never again wage war . Japanese troops have not fired a shot in war since 450000 . Japan has one of the world's largest defence budgets . Japan has increased military research after North Korea stunned the world in 980000 by firing a missile over the Japanese mainland into the Pacific Ocean . China alarmed Japan in 070000 by conducting a test to shoot down a satellite . Japan has been expanding its space programme and is now conducting the most extensive probe of the Moon since the United States Apollo missions of the decades of 600000 and 700000 .
 Hopes for a global agreement to outlaw cluster bombs were given a boost on 080522 when British Prime Minister Gordon Brown called for a total ban on the use of the weapons by the British military . The statement from Brown's spokesman gave new impetus to ongoing negotiations at an international conference on cluster bombs in Dublin . Brown's spokesman said Brown had issued instructions to British negotiators in Dublin to work intensively to ban cluster bombs that cause unacceptable harm to civilians . A British government spokesman said Brown had also asked the Ministry of Defence to assess the remaining munitions in use to ensure that there was no risk to civilians . The new stance by the British government received a warm welcome from human rights activists and charities . Head of arms control for Oxfam Anna MacDonald said Britain has at last come in from the cold . Oxfam hopes that this strong statement from Brown will ensure that the UK signs onto the treaty and immediately gets rid of these weapons which maim and kill long after they have been dropped . Co-Chair of the cluster munition coalition and Director of Landmine Action Simon Conway expressed gladness that Brown is following up on his previous public commitment to ban cluster bombs . The Dublin Conference runs until May 30 and is aiming to strike a wide-ranging international agreement that would completely eradicate the use, production, transfer and stockpiling of cluster munitions among signatories . The United States Government on 080521 expressed opposition to a worldwide ban on cluster bombs and called instead for technological fixes that would make them safer . Cluster bombs were first used in World War II and open in the air and scatter smaller bombs over a wide area . The fact that many fail to detonate on impact have made them a risk to the lives of civilians for years . The British military currently possesses 2 Types of cluster ammunition which are the artillery-fired m85 and the m73 launched from helicopters . Campaigners claim British troops used the m85 bombs in the Iraq war in 030000 .
 The Federal Tribunal of Switzerland ruled on 26 May 2008 that a convicted Australian drug trafficker can reclaim approximately 500000 dollars (317000 euros) from a Swiss bank account that had been seized by authorities . The identity of the trafficker was not revealed . The trafficker was sentenced to 9 years in prison in Australia in 1996 for importing 15 tons of cannabis into Australia in 1993 . Upon release the trafficker traveled to Geneva and presented a false passport to reclaim the money from the bank . Bank officials were suspicious and alerted authorities who investigated the case and confiscated the money . The Federal Tribunal overturned a previous decision by the government to confiscate the funds which were first deposited in 1987 . The Federal Tribunal ruled that the funds had been placed in the bank approximately 6 years before the drug offense for which the Australian was convicted and that the criminal activities had no connection with Switzerland . The Federal Tribunal ruled that the Swiss Government must compensate the trafficker 3000 Swiss francs (1800 euros) .
 On 27 May 2008 Head of the Ploughshares Fund Joe Cirincione stated that -- . UN atomic watchdog the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has accused Iran of withholding key information on alleged attempts to make nuclear arms . The IAEA is frustrated by Iran's stonewalling . The IAEA wants answers from Iran . Cirincione is a non-proliferation expert . Cirincione spoke late on 26 May 2008 following the release of the IAEA's latest Iran report . The IAEA report is restricted . The IAEA has forwarded the IAEA report to the UN Security Council . Next week the IAEA board of governors will discuss the IAEA report . The IAEA report stated that -- . The IAEA believes Iran may have additional information on high explosives testing and missile-related activities . Iran must share information with the IAEA . Iran may be withholding information about alleged studies into making nuclear warheads . Iran may be defying UN demands to suspend uranium enrichment . The IAEA report used strong language . The alleged studies comprise a uranium conversion project, high explosives testing and designs for a missile re-entry vehicle . The alleged studies suggest that past nuclear work had a military angle . Non-proliferation expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies mark Fitzpatrick stated that the IAEA report -- . had an unusually strong tenor . was harder on Iran both in detail and tone . refutes Iran's claims that Iran has done everything with regard to the UN action plan . A senior official close to IAEA stated that -- . The IAEA is experiencing increasing frustration with Iran's attitude . The IAEA has been investigating Iran's nuclear activities for 4 years . The IAEA has been unable to state definitively whether Iran's activities are entirely peaceful . The IAEA has no substantive answers . Substantive answers could have been gotten earlier . The official sees no reason why the IAEA cannot provide answers . The official spoke on condition of anonymity . US ambassador to the IAEA Gregory Schulte stated that -- . Iran had made scant progress in resolving outstanding issues . The French Government stated that France believes the IAEA report confirms concerns of the international community . German foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier stated that -- . The IAEA report leaves unresolved a number of questions . The questions must be examined quickly . Iran is not demonstrating the spirit of cooperation . Germany belongs to P5+1 . P5+1 is a permanent UN Security Council that is negotiating with Iran . Iran's ambassador to the IAEA Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH told AFP that -- . Iran has left no question unanswered . Iran has given all the explanations needed . Executive Director of the Arms Control Association in Washington Daryl Kimball stated that -- . The IAEA report is 1 in a series of bad signs . Iran is not cooperating with the investigation into possible military-related nuclear experiments . Iran has not provided the IAEA with the locations of its centrifuge manufacturing facilities . The current set of UN sanctions will not dissuade Iran from slowly increasing its enrichment capacity . There will be no meaningful talks with Iran . rumors of possible military action in Iran will continue . P5+1 members are Britain, China, France, Russia, Germany and the United States . The International Institute for Strategic Studies is located in London . A copy of the IAEA report was obtained by AFP . The IAEA's Board of Governors has 35 members . The Ploughshares fund is based in Washington . The IAEA is based in Vienna .
 20080530 Bulgaria's newly-formed State Agency for National Security (dans) stated that dans disbanded a criminal gang operating in Bulgaria and suspected of helping to finance separatist rebels in Chechnya . Dans stated -- . The gang has been operating since the late 1990s and has intimate connections with Bulgarian organized crime groups . The gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in Chechnya . Dans stated -- . The leader of the gang is a Russian citizen of Chechen origin named Ruslan gapayev . Other members included 5 men of Chechen origin . The number of suspects arrested is unspecified but the majority are of Chechen origin . Other Russian, Ukrainian, Moldovan, Armenian and Bulgarian citizens with a criminal record were also involved in the gang's activities .
 Bulgarian federal agents stated on 30 May 2008 that agents had broken up a criminal gang operating in Bulgaria and suspected of helping finance separatist rebels in Chechnya . The newly-formed State Agency for National Security (dans) said in a statement that the gang had been operating in Bulgaria since the late 1990s and had close links with Bulgarian organized crime groups . The statement did not specify how many people had been arrested but said most of the suspects were of Chechen origin . The dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering . The dans stated the gang allegedly used the proceeds to fund terrorist groups in Chechnya .
 On 01 July 2008 UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon marked the 40th anniversary of the signing of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) by urging increased efforts toward restricting nuclear proliferation . Describing the UN-supported Treaty as the most effective multilateral instrument to limit nuclear proliferation Ban stated that nations must reinforce and strengthen the NPT in order to address present challenges . Ban stated -- . 10s of 1000s of nuclear weapons remain deployed and stockpiled . Significant irreversible and verifiable reductions are necessary . Nuclear proliferation by States or non-State actors threatens everyone and therefore requires global cooperation in addressing non-compliance, resolving concerns over nuclear programs and ensuring the most reliable controls over nuclear materials . Ban is currently on an Asian tour . The NPT is the most universal arms control treaty in force . The NPT was opened for signature on 01 July 1968 and made effective on 05 March 1970 . 189 of the 192 UN member states have signed the NPT . The stated goal of the NPT is to end the nuclear arms race and seek nuclear disarmament . 5 countries that had tested nuclear weapons before the Treaty's completion were recognized as nuclear-weapon States and obligated to pursue effective measures toward nuclear disarmament . The nations designated nuclear-weapon States were United Kingdom, China, France, Russian Federation and United States . All other nations were designated non-nuclear-weapon States and prohibited from acquiring any nuclear arms . India, Pakistan, Israel and North Korea have succeeded in building their own nuclear weapons outside the NPT framework . The NPT was drafted during the cold war era and experts have stated that it must be revised in order to address present challenges such as the proliferation crises in North Korea, Iran and Syria . North Korea developed a covert nuclear weapons program which it is currently in the lengthy process of dismantling . Iran is accused of pursuing a weapons program under the guise of peaceful nuclear power and Syria has recently been accused of building a covert nuclear facility .
 On 5 July 2008 Afghanistan authorities stated that on 3 July 2008 Afghan security forces seized 1.4 tonnes of opium . The opium was seized in western Afghanistan near the border with Iran . In a statement Afghanistan's Interior Ministry stated that 7 men were detained in Herat province in connection with the seizure . Afghanistan is the world's top opium producer . In 2007 Afghanistan produced 8200 tons of opium or 92 percent of opium globally . According to UN figures approximately 60 percent of Afghanistan's opium leaves Afghanistan in the form of heroin . Afghanistan officials state that Islamic Taliban insurgents earn millions of dollars annually from the opium trade .
 A judicial source stated an Algerian court on 11 July 2008 sentenced 7 people for growing opium poppies and trafficking in illegal drug trade . The source stated the court convicted the defendants after police discovered more than 2300 of the illegal plants across several fields in March 2007 . The court in Adrar in southern Algeria sentenced 4 men to 5 years in prison and 3 others including 2 women to a 5-year suspended sentence . The accused stated the accused did not know what the plants were and that the accused thought the plants were used for cattle feed . The arrests are part of a crackdown by authorities in the region on opium trade . 5 people were sentenced by the Adrar court in June 2008 to 5 years in prison following the discovery of approximately 1600 opium poppies . In April 2007 police in Adrar destroyed 16000 poppies as well as cannabis plants . Algeria's Health Minister stated Algeria is considered a key drug transit zone with roughly half of all narcotics passing through Algeria consumed locally .
 A source stated on July 19, 2008 that Irfan Demirtas the suspected head of a group providing funding to Islamic extremists in Uzbekistan was charged in France after being extradited from the Netherlands . The source said Irfan Demirtas was accused on July 18, 2008 of funding terrorism by French judges Thierry fragnoli and Philippe coirre and that Demirtas was placed in custody . Demirtas was 1 of 10 people arrested in May 2008 during a crackdown led by France on people suspected of helping fund the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan (IMU) . 8 arrests took place in a suburb of the eastern French city of Mulhouse and in the central Rhone region . 1 arrest took place in the Netherlands and another in Germany . One suspect was later released in France . Police found several firearms and a large amount of cash during searches of the suspects' homes on July 18, 2008 . Computer discs and files were seized . The French domestic DST intelligence agency had been investigating the ring for close to a year . The arrests were ordered by anti-terrorism judge fragnoli . The IMU was originally formed to overthrow Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov and set up an Islamic regime across Central Asia . The IMU was formed in 1998 and there are claims the organization is linked to Al-Qaeda . The IMU is said to be active on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan and is listed as a terrorist group by the United States . Irfan Demirtas is of Turkish and Dutch origin .
 The Interior Ministry of Saudi Arabia stated that convicted Nigerian drug trafficker Shuaib Ali Mohammed was beheaded by the sword on 23 July 2008 in Mecca in western Saudi Arabia . The ministry said in a statement quoted by official news agency SPA that Shuaib Ali Mohammed had previous convictions for drug smuggling and was sentenced to death for trafficking cocaine . The ministry did not provide further details . The beheading is the 66th execution announced by the Saudi Arabian government in 2008 . A record 153 people were executed in Saudi Arabia in 2007 . 37 people were beheaded in Saudi Arabia in 2006 . Saudi Arabian Government applies a strict conservative version of Sharia or Islamic law . Rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery or drug trafficking can carry the death penalty in Saudi Arabia . Executions are usually carried out in public in Saudi Arabia .
 According to court documents -- . On 25 July Australian television reporter Peter Lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in Singapore . Lloyd has already been charged with drug trafficking . Lloyd's new charges include -- . 1 charge of consuming the stimulant methamphetamine . 2 charges of possessing drug paraphernalia stained with methamphetamine and ketamine in a Singapore hospital room . If convicted of the consumption charge Lloyd faces 10 years in prison, a 20000 Singapore dollar (15,000 US dollar) fine, or both the prison sentence and the fine . Police stated that Ketamine is an anaesthetic that has come into common usage at dance parties . Lloyd was was arrested in Singapore last week . Lloyd was initially charged with trafficking methamphetamine to a Singaporean at a hotel in July 2008 . Lloyd faces a 2nd charge for allegedly possessing methamphetamine at a Singapore hospital . On 25 July 2008 the initial charges were amended . The methamphetamine amounts allegedly involved were reduced to -- . Trafficking 0.15 grams (0.00525 ounces) . Possession 0.41 gram . On 23 July 2008 Lloyd was released from custody after posting 60000 dollars bail . On 1 August 2008 Lloyd's case will be heard again in court . If convicted of the trafficking charge Lloyd faces between 5 and 20 years in prison and 5 to 15 strokes of the cane . Lloyd is 41 years old . Lloyd is the New Delhi-based correspondent for The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) . Methamphetamine is also known as ice .
 The Libyan Interior Ministry stated on 28 July 2008 that Libyan authorities have seized 50 kilos (110 pounds) of heroin in a record haul . The Ministry stated Libyan authorities seized heroin of pure quality in the Al-Wahat region of eastern Libya . The ministry did not specify if any arrests were made . The Ministry stated that the amount of heroin was the largest ever seized in a North African country and the second largest recorded in Libya . The Ministry stated efforts are being made to eradicate the epidemic in Libya where illegal narcotics are considered weapons of mass destruction but the Ministry did not elaborate . Drug trafficking carries the death penalty in Libya which is a key transit route for drugs that come mainly from Egypt, Morocco and Turkey . Libyan authorities announced the week of 20 July 2008 that authorities had seized 1 ton of hashish in the southeastern region of tazerbo .
 Mexican police stated on August 1, 2008 that on July 30, 2008 in Mexico City the police apprehended an alleged Colombian drug trafficker named ever villafane involved in smuggling operations from Colombia to a top Mexican drug cartel . Ever villafane held Mexican identity documents during arrest with the name Marco Antonio Espinoza tovali . Ever villafane escaped from a Colombian maximum security prison in 2001 after learning that extradition to the United States was approaching . Federal Police stated that ever villafanse was responsible for coordinating drug traffic from Colombia to Mexico for the organization of the Mexican Beltran Leyva brothers . Mexican authorities stated that the Beltran Leyva brothers work with Joaquin El Chapo Guzman who is the fugitive head of the Sinaloa international drug trafficking cartel . The United States accuses ever villafane of possessing and aiming to distribute cocaine .
 12 August 2008 US Internet firm Tulip Systems Inc announced that -- . Georgian government websites are under cyber attack . The cyber attacks follow Russian military strikes launched against Georgia late last week . On 9 August 2008 tulip systems INC took over hosting websites for Georgia's presidency and a major Georgian television network . On 8 August 2008 Russian forces stormed Georgia in response to Georgia's attacks on a Moscow-backed rebel province . Tulip Systems Inc executive Tom Burling stated that -- . The distributed-denial-of-service (ddos) attacks began in the weeks before the Russia-Georgia conflict . On 12 August 2008 the distributed-denial-of-service (ddos) attacks continued . After the Kremlin announced it had ceased hostilities in Georgia . Russia has been attacking Georgia from a cyber standpoint since July 2008 . Russia is still attacking Georgia . The tulip technician in Georgia has gotten 3 hours sleep in 4 days . The cyber attacks are similar to 2007 cyber attacks on Estonia . The cyber attacks on Estonia coincided with a diplomatic conflict between Estonia and Russia . Russia is behind the cyber attacks . Georgian government websites are receiving hundreds of millions of simultaneous requests for documents . The cyber attack was taking down all Georgian government website . tulip protected Georgian government websites . The trend of cyber attacks is a cause for concern . The Internet community is supposed to be above politics . The Internet community is supposed to be like the Olympics . DDoS attacks consist of overloading websites with requests to crash systems . DDoS attacks are simple, economical and hard to trace . On 12 August 2008 Georgian sites hosted on tulip were reportedly receiving 68000 requests at once . Russia denies involvement in the cyber attacks on Georgia . Experts state that it is difficult to determine who is behind the cyber attacks on Georgia . Israeli computer security specialist who investigated the cyber assault on Estonia Gadi Evro stated that -- . The Georgian Government's websites have obviously been under attack . It is too early to reach any conclusion as to the motive and identity of the attackers . cyber warfare has become commonplace in the past decade . cyber attacks are only natural and happen immediately following any conflict or political tension . Director of shadowserver Andre dimino stated that -- . There is danger in assuming Russia launched cyber attacks on Georgia . The cyber attack on Georgia looks more like grassroots hacktivists that jumped on the bandwagon . Hacktivisits are political activists that launch online attacks . Cyber attacks are typically done using networks of computers called botnets . Botnets are networks of computers that have been turned into zombies or BOTs with malicious software . Hackers plant the malicious software without the machines' owners' knowledge . Botnets can grow to thousands or millions of machines . Botnets can be commanded to simultaneously make requests at targeted websites . Shadowserver a nonprofit Internet security watchdog . Shadowserver has team members around the world . Estonia is a Baltic state . Georgian forces attacked South Ossetia to regain control of South Ossetia . South Ossetia is a Moscow-backed rebel province . In the 1990s South Ossetia broke away from Tbilisi . On 8 August 2008 Russian troops and tanks stormed Georgia after the Georgian offensive . Georgia is a former Soviet state .
 20080917 in the report' blood at the crossroads' Amnesty International stated that a new UN global arms treaty under negotiation should require Governments to actively prevent sales of weapons likely to be used in humans rights violations . The report stated that the system of national laws regulating arms sales is ineffective and enables Unrestrained Weapons trading leading to violations of human rights . 153 countries voted for a UN motion to introduce a global arms treaty in 20061200 and UN member states will discuss progress on the Treaty in 20081000 . Amnesty International stated that the US -- which rejected the arms treaty motion -- China, Egypt, India, Pakistan and Russia are stalling the treaty . Amnesty arms control manager Brian Wood stated that a minority of skeptics preferring to ignore irresponsible arms transfers defy the majority of the international community's approval of arms control and render most national arms controls and UN arms embargoes weak and ineffective . The report catalogues the impact of light weapons in 9 countries . The report states that small weapons were used with catastrophic effects by the Myanmar military to disperse protestors in 20070900 and Somalian armed factions in Mogadishu . The report also profiles Darfur, Colombia, Guatemala, Guinea and especially Iraq . The report stated -- . The US Department of Defense has funded the majority of over 1 million rifles, pistols and infantry weapons for 530000 Iraqi security personnel since 2003 . The funding process was mismanaged and unaccountable because the contracting out of the weapons deals rendered accurate documentation of supplies and recipients by people authorizing weapons and munitions transfers virtually impossible . The mismanagement has augmented sectarian violence in Iraq since the 2003 US-led invasion . Researcher Helen Hughes stated that Governments must meet their obligation through an arms trade treaty with a stipulation on human rights rather than ignoring the consequences of irresponsible international arms transfers .
 The leaders of Australia and Japan launched a Commission on September 26, 2008 to press for nuclear Non Proliferation and Disarmament ahead of review of a key international atomic treaty . The International Commission on nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament was unveiled by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and new Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly . The Panel is led by former Australian and Japanese foreign ministers Gareth Evans and Yoriko Kawaguchi respectively and has 15-members . It is comprised of former heads of State, ministers, military strategists and disarmament experts . Rudd said it will seek to shape a global consensus in the lead up to the 2010 nuclear Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) Review Conference and beyond . Rudd said the NPT is facing increased pressure from the actions of countries such as North Korea and Iran even though NPT is the most significant and successful arms control instrument of the nuclear age and the cornerstone of global disarmament efforts . Iran has been accused of carrying out an illegal nuclear program while North Korea has defiantly moved to restart its illicit nuclear activities after stopping them . Aso said Japan has always undertaken a realistic and concrete approach towards realizing a nuclear weapons free world because it is the only country that experienced the bombing of a nuclear weapon . Aso assumed the premiership this week . Aso told the Commission to hold active discussions and prepare meaningful recommendations for a more effective non-proliferation and disarmament regime . A statement said the implications of a likely nuclear renaissance due to climate change and energy security concerns will be a focus of the Commission . This includes the need for renewed attention to nuclear safeguards, safety and security . The first meeting of the Commission will be held in Sydney from October 19 to 21 . It will be hosted by the Australian Government . Among those in the Commission are former Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland, former Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo, former US Defense Secretary William Perry, ex-Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas, China's ex-UN envoy Wang Yingfan .
 President Manuel Zelaya on 13 October 2008 proposed legalizing drug use to liberate Honduras's financial resources and limit international traffickers . Zelaya made the statement at the opening of the 18th meeting of regional leaders against drug trafficking . Drug ministers from 32 Latin American and Caribbean nations are meeting in Tegucigalpa with United Nations Office of drugs and crime from 13 October 2008 through 17 October 2008 . Zelaya stated the trade of arms, drugs and people are scourges on the international economy and the Honduras Government is unable to provide effective responses because of conventional legal restraints . Zelaya stated that drug users should be considered patients treated by doctors and pharmacies and that drug users would benefit from government social programs . Zelaya stated that the Honduras government could invest in resources for education and training rather than continue to kill and capture traffickers .
 South Africa's retired Archbishop Desmond Tutu on 081021 appealed to UN member states to end the casualties which result from the uncontrolled small arms trade by backing a global arms trade treaty . Tutu's appeal came as the UN Disarmament Committee is set to vote on an arms trade treaty (Att) resolution next week . Some 85 countries are co-sponsoring the text . Tutu pointed out in a message delivered to all 192 missions at the United Nations in New York that in the last 2 years almost 0.75 million people have died as a result of armed violence . Tutu said each Member State can and must act to control the deadly trade in weapons that is behind these deaths . Tutu said there can be no further delay and that is time to end the slaughter . Tutu said there are some States which are opposed to such a treaty and will seek to undermine and delay any further progress or will seek to convince others that this Treaty is not required or cannot work . Tutu said these States must not be allowed to succeed because the human cost is too high . Tutu's message was delivered by activists of the control arms campaign . The control arms campaign is pushing for a strong treaty to stop the sales of small arms around the world and was launched 5 years ago by Amnesty International, Oxfam International and the International Action Network on Small Arms . The UN General Assembly in 061200 overwhelmingly adopted a resolution launching a process for a treaty to prevent arms transfers that fuel conflicts and serious human rights violations around the world . Only the United States voted against . 24 Governments abstained . That resolution asked then-UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to seek the views of Member States on the feasibility, scope and draft parameters for a comprehensive and legally binding instrument establishing common international standards for the import, export and transfer of conventional arms .
 15 western African nations on October 29, 2008 pledged to tackle the region's accelerating drug trafficking problem by boosting resources and regional cooperation . The Prime Minister of Cape Verde Jose Maria Neves stated at the end of the 2 day regional conference that the members of the Economic Community of West African States have adopted an action plan to fight drug trafficking . This plain includes allocating more money and resources to address the rise in cocaine trafficking and encouraging the Justice and Interior Ministries of African nations to work together . The plan will be discussed further at an Economic Community of West African States Summit in December 2008 . The head of the Economic Community of West African States Commission Ibn Chambas stated that there are firm commitments in terms of support despite the unknown costs of implementing the plan . According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime at least 50 tons of cocaine from South America transits through West Africa every year to be sold on to Europe . On Monday the Head of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime pointed to Cape Verde which hosted the Economic Community of West African States conference as a good example of how the tide could be turned against the international drug cartels . Jose Maria Neves attributed Cape Verde's success in cracking down on drug traffickers to good governance and law and order . Jose Maria Neves also stated that Cape Verde must be uncomprising in the defense of sovereignty and interest of the citizens of Cape Verde .
 On 4 November 2008 in an address to the Danish parliamentary Defense Commission Danish Foreign Intelligence Service (FE) stated -- . claims made in 2003 that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction were incorrect . Fe's work was careless . Fe's information was not based on credible sources . Fe's information sources were poor and insufficient . Fe concluded wrongly that Iraq most likely had weapons of mass destruction (WMD) . The intelligence services of all other nations concluded wrongly that Iraq most likely had WMD . It was difficult for western intelligence agencies to operate under Saddam's regime . few Iraqis were able to be recruited as informants under Saddam's regime . Iraqis recruited as spies turned out to be weak sources . Last week Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen defended Danish involvement in the Iraq war . Rasmussen stated -- . Politicians widely believed that Saddam Hussein kept WMD and other chemical and biological weapons . WMD were not the official reason for Denmark entering the war in Iraq . Denmark entered the war in Iraq because Saddam refused to cooperate with United Nations . A majority of lawmakers in the Danish Parliament approved military action . Defense spokesman for the opposition Social Democrat Party John dyrby paulsen told Danish television that -- . Rasmussen claimed Saddam Hussein did not cooperate with the UN only because he knew that the WMD argument would not be believed .
 A statement released by the French foreign ministry said the European Union expressed strong concern on November 7, 2008 over Russia's decision to deploy missiles on the EU's enclave of Kaliningrad . Russian president Dmitry Medvedev made a statement about the deployment of Iskander short-range missiles in the western Russian territory on November 5, 2008 . An EU statement said Medvedev's statement does not contribute to creating a climate of confidence and to improving security in Europe . The statement said the Presidency of the European Union Council expresses its strong concern following the statement by President Medvedev . It announced the deployment of the Iskander missiles in the Kaliningrad region . The EU said they regret Russia's move . The EU wanted a dialogue with Russia on questions surrounding the security of the entire European continent and Russia has made proposals on the matter . Medvedev said the deployment would counter a U.S. anti-missile system to be based in Poland and the Czech Republic by 2013-2014 . Russia would shoot a warning shot to U.S. president-elect Barack Obama and the United State's allies in Central Europe . NATO has voiced serious worries about the arms control implications of the Russian plans . The United States has described them as disappointing . EU foreign ministers meet on November 10, 2008 to debate whether to resume partnership talks with Russia before the EU-Russia summit in Nice, southern France on November 14, 2008 . Russia was locked over the Georgia conflict in September . Russia is the EU's third largest trading partner with growth rates of up to 20 percent per year . The EU is also the biggest investor in Russia . EU-Russian relations are governed at present by a 1997 Partnership and Cooperation Agreement reached when Russia was weaker and emerging from the dissolution of the old Soviet Union .
 President Oscar Arias Sanchez of Costa Rica called for a global reduction of military spending as a matter of international security on November 19, 2008 . Costa Rica is an unarmed state . Arias in an address before the UN Security Council said the logic that leads a poor nation to spend excessive sums on its armies and not on its people is perverse and is the antithesis of human security . It is a serious threat to international security . Costa Rica presides over the UN Security Council this month . Arias said Costa Rica is not a naive nation even though it has no military . Arias is a 1987 novel Peace Prize laureate . Arias said Costa Rica has not come for the abolition of all armies . Costa Rica has not come to discuss reduction of world military spending which has reached 3.3 billion dollars a day . Costa Rica proposed instead that a gradual reduction is not only possible but also imperative particularly for developing nations . The Costa Rican President decried the limited application of article 26 of the UN Charter . It calls on the Security Council to use international arms control to avoid diverting human and economic resources . Arias said article 26 has been a dead letter in the vast cemetery of intentions for world peace until now . Arias is promoting stronger multi-lateralism . Arias said nations will continue to arm themselves at the expense of the people's development and international security as long as the nations do not feel protected by strong regional organizations with real powers to act . This is particularly true in the poorest countries . Arias urged the Security Council to apply the Costa Rica consensus . The consensus forgives debts and provides aid for developing countries that spend more on human resources than the military . Arias pressed the international body to support the arms trade treaty . The Treaty would control International arms sales to prevent the illicit use of weapons . Arias said the 640 million small arms and light weapons that exist in the world has proven to be more lethal than nuclear weapons and is one of the primary threats to national and international security . 74 percent of the small arms and light weapons are owned by civilians .
 The Hindu forum of Britain issued on November 27, 2008 a condemnation of the Mumbai attacks and urged the United Kingdom's government to end any funding emanating from the United Kingdom for Islamist terror groups . The Hindu forum of Britain stated that in July 2008 the group appealed to Home Secretary Jacqui Smith to sanction any British charities sending funds to Pakistan and diverting them to terror groups . Ramesh kallidai stated it is unacceptable for British soil to be used for funding terrorism originating in Pakistan and targeting India . Other local Hindu organizations in London, Birmingham and northern England joined the Hindu forum of Britain in condemning the attacks . Islamist gunmen launched coordinated attacks on November 26, 2008 against luxury hotels and other targets in India's financial capital . The gunmen took foreign hostages and killed more than 100 people . Secretary General of the Hindu forum of Britain Ramesh kallidai stated that India has borne the brunt of religious terrorism in the South Asian region for over 50 years . Ramesh kallidai stated that the Hindu forum of Britain urges the United Kingdom's government to increase cooperation between British and Indian intelligence to end the problem of funding for terrorism which strikes at the very core of human dignity and ethical values . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh stated that the individuals behind the attacks were based outside the country and warned neighbors who provide a haven to anti-India militants . The little-known Deccan Mujahedeen group has claimed responsibility for the attacks . The Hindu forum of Britain is the United Kingdom's main Hindu representative body . The last census in 2001 found there were 560,000 Hindus in Britain and slightly over one million people of Indian ethnic origin or 1.8 percent of the population .
 On 11 December 2008 in response to allegations of cyber attack of the Website of the French embassy in Beijing the Chinese Government stated that there was no clear link between the attack and a diplomatic dispute with France regarding Tibet . Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao told journalists -- . The Chinese government does not support or condone cyber attack on the embassies of other nations . The Chinese Government is not aware of any questions or concerns raised by France . A French diplomat stated to the AFP that the French embassy website had been inaccessible for several days due to a large-scale cyber attack . The anonymous diplomat stated that the server was attacked for several days with massive requests for a connection predominantly coming in at night . The cyber attack occurred after French President Nicolas Sarkozy's meeting with exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama . Some French media reports have stated that the motive for the attacks was the Chinese government's anger over Sarkozy's meeting with the Dalai Lama . Liu stated -- . The Chinese government has noted relevant reports and concludes that the allegations are speculation . When reporting on this issue the media should base reports on solid proof and should not target China without such proof . The Government of China accuses the Dalai Lama of seeking independence for his homeland Tibet despite his repeated denials of this aim . The Government of China views it as a national affront when foreign leaders meet the Dalai Lama . The Government of China has ruled Tibet since 1951 after dispatching troops to the Himalayan region in 1950 .
 New Light of Myanmar newspaper stated on 12 December 2008 that Myanmar authorities arrested 308 people including 250 men and 58 women in 207 drug-related cases in November 2008 . New Light of Myanmar stated Myanmar police, customs officials and military seized 71.18 kilograms (157 pounds) of opium, 7.6 kilograms of heroin, 0.7 kilograms of opium oil, 4.6 kilograms of low-grade opium and more than 220000 stimulant tablets . Myanmar is a military-ruled nation and is the world's 2nd largest opium producer . The United Nations' Office on Drugs and Crime stated opium production in Myanmar rose 46 percent from 2006 to 2007 . The UN stated high-level collusion and corruption are responsible for the rise . Activists across the border in Thailand stated crop substitution programs for poor farmers have not been successful . Experts stated Myanmar has become a hub for methamphetamine production with convoys of trucks ferrying chemicals and mobile laboratories under the cover of Myanmar's jungle . Myanmar's mountainous and lawless border regions once hid vast poppy fields which supplied most of the world's opium into the 1990s . Myanmar government began a campaign in the 1990s to eradicate poppy due to pressure from Governments including Myanmar's ally China . Afghanistan replaced Myanmar as the world's top opium producer . Myanmar government stated Myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014 . After a few years of steep decline opium production in Myanmar has risen again . In November 2008 U.S. authorities stated the authorities had frozen the assets of 26 individuals and 17 firms tied to drug trafficking in Myanmar and prohibited U.S. citizens from associating with the individuals and firms . The U.S. Treasury Department stated U.S. authorities targeted people and firms linked to the United Wa State Army which is the most powerful drug trafficking organization in Southeast Asia .
 On 18 December 2008 European Union officials requested North African countries to abide by EU rules on arms trading to combat the spread of terrorism . EU representatives are conducting talks with the 5 member countries of the Arab Maghreb Union and Egypt in Rabat, Morocco until 19 December 2008 . The 5 member countries of the Arab Maghreb Union are Algeria, Libya, Morocco, Mauritania and Tunisia . An envoy from the French EU Presidency attending the meeting in Morocco stated that the aim of the meeting is to improve logistical aid, inspector training, development of national relations and support for the UN treaty on arms control . Jean-Luc Brunet stated that this is the first meeting between north African and European Governments regarding arms trading . EU envoy rose-Marie chabanski stated that the same policies that apply to the European Union can apply to North Africa . Chabanski stated that North African countries should publish details of sales of their arms equipment and military technology . EU envoy from Italy Diego Martini stated that the EU's request for adoption of stricter rules on arms trading in North Africa was necessary because of the potential for terrorist seizure of arms passing through the Mediterranean en route from the Atlantic Ocean to the Indian Ocean . Martini stated that all countries must fight terrorism . Moroccan representative Youssef Amrani stated that particularly problematic will be control of small arms and light weapons numbered at an estimated 600 million currently in circulation in the world . Amrani stated that the unchecked increase in small arms and light weapons combined with illegal arms trafficking increases criminal behavior, provokes conflicts, destabilizes regions and threatens development . According to the United Nations 47 of 49 conflicts in the 1990s were fought with small arms and light weapons .
 20010830 UN undersecretary-general for Disarmament Affairs Jayantha Dhanapala stated in a speech at Macquarie University in Sydney issued by his office at the UN that global military spending is rising at an alarming rate after years of decline following the 1991 end of the cold war . 20010600 the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute reported that global military spending increased from 780 billion dollars in 1999 to 798 billion dollars in 2000 . Developing countries -- Dhanapala stated that as before military spending increased at the highest rates in African and South Asian countries with significant unmet social and economic needs . Dhanapala stated that arms sales to developing countries increased 8 percent to over 36 billion dollars in 2000 . The Stockholm Institute stated that 23 of 25 major armed conflicts in the world in 2000 occurred in impoverished nations . Dhanapala stated that impoverished countries involved in armed conflicts wasted human lives and scarce economic resources . Dhanapala called the situation tragic and noted that half of the world's population lives on under 2 dollars per day . 20010800 the US Congressional Research Service reported that the US sold almost 50 percent of weapons purchased by developing countries in 2000, followed by Russia, France, Germany, Britain and China . The United Arab Emirates, India, and South Korea lead weapons purchases in 2000 . Dhanapala stated that the United Arab Emirates, India, and South Korea are the world's three most volatile regions . Dhanapala stated that the first resolution adopted by the UN General Assembly in 1946 called for the elimination of all weapons of mass destruction . 20010830 the UN Security Council passed a resolution for armed conflict prevention requesting that Member States ensure implementation of the UN program of action on the illicit trade in small arms developed in a summit on small arms in New York in 20010700 . Dhanapala stated -- . Approximately 30000 nuclear weapons remain in arsenals around the world and many are on high alert . Approximately 550 million small arms remain in circulation around the world . The numbers of both large and small weapons are alarming . Dhanapala stated that international efforts to halt or decelerate the spread of weapons have stalled . Dhanapala stated that negotiations on nuclear disarmament and controlling the fissile material used in nuclear weapons are deadlocked at the UN Conference on Disarmament in Geneva . The nuclear test ban treaty has not received sufficient ratifications to enter into force . 20010700 efforts to enforce a ban on biological warfare failed when the US declared a draft proposal unacceptable . Dhanapala stated that the stated intention of the US to withdraw as a party jeopardizes the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty may incite a new phase of the global nuclear arms race as well the probability of a missile race and the weaponization of space . US President George W. Bush has announced plans for the construction of an anti-missile shield, which would violate the 1972 ABM Treaty that Russia considers to be a cornerstone of international security .
 The Japanese government said on January 11, 2002 that it had clamped down on the financial transactions of three more suspected terrorist groups as part of its efforts to freeze assets used to fund terrorism . A statement issued jointly by Japan's foreign, finance and economy ministries said authorities have imposed controls on transactions involving Hamas-Izz al-Din al-Qassem, Palestinian Islamic Jihad and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Hamas-Izz al-Din al-Qassem and Palestinian Islamic Jihad are fighting to end the Israeli occupation of Palestine . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba is engaged in a guerrilla war with Indian security forces to create an independent Islamic state in the disputed territory of Kashmir . The statement said Japan has restricted the transactions of a total of 12 organizations and individuals suspected of terrorist activities . Another 293 are believed to have ties to Afghanistan's Taliban militia . The Taliban are accused of sheltering Osama bin Laden . The United States has named bin Laden as the mastermind of the September 11 terrorist attacks on Washington and New York . The Japanese government announced in October 2001 that Japan had frozen three Taliban bank accounts in Japan holding about dlrs 600,000 . Another 28 accounts amounting to about 18 million yen (about dlrs 136,000) were frozen because they were suspected of being connected to the Taliban .
 15 April 2002 retired Russian Space Forces General Ret. Lt.-Gen. Anatoly Sokolov announced -- . Soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around Moscow is obsolete and inefficient . The A-135 system is the only such system in the world . The A-135 system should be removed . The A-135 system is unable to provide protection of the area or the country . USSR deployed a-35 anti-ballistic missile system in 1974 . The A-35 -- . was deployed around Moscow . consisted of radars and 64 missile interceptors . was continually modified with independently-targeted multiple warheads . A-135 launched in 1994 as latest version of A-35 . A-135 includes long- and medium-range missile interceptors . The Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) Treaty allows the US and Russia to protect a single site with no more than 100 interceptors . Russia's missile defense system complied with the ABM Treaty . In 1970s the US had a similar system to protect missile fields in North Dakota . The US has destroyed this system . The ABM Treaty bars a nationwide missile shield of the kind the US wants to deploy . In December 2001 President George W. Bush warned Russia that the US would withdraw from the ABM Treaty in 6 months . Russian President Vladimir Putin stated -- . US withdrawal from the ABM Treaty was not a threat to Russian security . US withdrawal from the ABM would hurt global stability . Russian officials have said recently that the Moscow missile defense system could be upgraded in the next few years, . Sokolov stated -- . Russian government should not modernize the old missile defense system but build new missile defense technologies instead . Modernization would be costly . Russia is not strong enough to modernize the existing antimissile system . Russia has lost several Soviet-built long-range radars essential for effective operation of an anti-missile system . A new anti-missile system in Belarus would be inadequate . Sokolov previously served as a top commander with Russia's space forces .
 On 16 May 2002 Malaysia's Deputy Home Affairs Minister Chor Chee Heung told delegates from the region that leaders of Southeast Asian countries should consider standardizing domestic laws and should introduce new laws to aid the efforts against terrorism and cross-border crime . Chor made the statement at a meeting of senior police and officials from the law and order ministries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, or ASEAN . ASEAN members are Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, Brunei, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar . The 2-day ASEAN Conference focused on fighting sea piracy, gun smuggling, drug trafficking, illegal immigration and other cross-border crimes . Chor stated the pace of technological improvements is rapidly outstripping the abilities of law enforcement agencies to keep pace with transnational criminal organizations . Chor stated the recent communications developments have aided cross-border money laundering, illegal gambling and electronic fraud . Chor stated that forging extradition treaties, standardizing definitions of crimes, simplifying laws on the seizure of criminal proceeds and introducing similar witness protection programs would be beneficial . Chor stated harmonization of laws will spread the risks that criminal organizations have to confront and provide fewer safe havens for transnational organized crime organizations . Some officials stated the task would be difficult for ASEAN members because of varied legal and political systems . Deputy Commissioner of the Royal Palace Thai police's Special Branch Amarin neemskul stated standardizing laws in Southeast Asia was not currently possible though the willingness is there . ASEAN officials will hold separate talks on combating terrorism immediately after the Conference in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia . In early May 2002 officials from the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence . Thai Government has indicated Thailand will join the pact . U.S. military trainers are aiding officials in the Philippines in attempting to remove Islamic guerrillas from the southern Philippines . A number of suspected Islamic militants with alleged al-Qaida links have been arrested in Malaysia and Singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into Indonesia . Officials from ASEAN countries including Singapore and the Philippines have urged Indonesian Government to exercise control over Islamic militant groups in Indonesia . Indonesia's top police officer assigned to Interpol Dadang Garnida stated to reporters at the ASEAN meeting that no evidence indicated Indonesia was a base for Southeast Asian terrorists and that Islamic extremist groups in Indonesia were legitimate forums for promoting solidarity among Muslims, unless members broke the law .
 On 20 May 2002 Home Minister of Malaysia Abdullah Ahmad Badawi told a regional counter-terrorism meeting -- . Arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from Southeast Asia . Arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists . Arms smugglers and drug cartels provide militant groups with weapons and funds in return for protection . The counter-terrorism meeting took place between interior security ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) . The meetings lasted 2 days . Badawi is also deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia . Police and ASEAN interior security ministers will be asked to make their laws covering transnational crime more alike . At a related meeting last week ASEAN officials named drug trafficking, weapons smuggling, money laundering, sea piracy, illegal immigration and cybercrime as areas where cooperation between countries can strengthen regional defenses . ASEAN ministers are expected to approve plans to forge extradition treaties, sign bilateral and multilateral agreements on intelligence sharing and harmonize criminal laws . ASEAN ministers will discuss a proposal for joint training exercises in bomb detection, airport security and intelligence gathering . In early May 2002 the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence . Thailand has stated it will sign the agreement . ASEAN Deputy Secretary-General Ahmad Mokhtar Selat stated -- . Ministers may encourage other nations to sign the agreement . A trilateral agreement could form a regional agreement encompassing all 10 ASEAN member countries . The Philippines seeks to eliminate Islamic guerrillas in the restive south . The Philippines is being assisted by U.S. military trainers . Suspected Islamic militants with alleged al-Qaida links have been arrested in Malaysia and Singapore . In 2001 a plot by these militants to bomb Western embassies was exposed . Some ASEAN countries have stated that a regional Islamic militant network extends into Indonesia . Abdullah stated that swift action by ASEAN governments had been able to -- . identify terrorist threats early . Stop major regional terror networks from proliferating . Abdullah was apparently referencing laws in Malaysia and Singapore that allow for indefinite jailing of suspects with trial . ASEAN members are Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, Brunei, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar/ Burma .
 The European Space Agency recommended on June 6, 2002 that Ukraine join a multinational program that could greatly expand markets for Ukrainian space technology . Head of the European Space Agency's technology transfer program Pierre Brisson stated that the European Space Agency will have to ask the European Commission before confirming Ukraine can join the program . Pierre Brisson also stated that the European Commission will most likely issue approval by August 5, 2002 and work on the project could start on December 5, 2002 . The Ukrainian Government must also approve the Ukraine's participation in the program but Deputy Director of Ukraine's national space agency Eduard Kuznetsov stated that no problems are expected because of President Leonid Kuchma's pro-European goals . The European Space Agency's endorsement followed Ukraine's formal announcement to bid to join NATO on May 29, 2002 . Pierre Brisson led a team of European experts on a visit to Kiev to discuss commercial applications of Ukrainian space technology with representatives of the National Space Agency of Ukraine, scientists and business leaders . Pierre Brisson stated that Ukraine's materials and processing sectors are the most immediately promising to other European clients and could have a large impact on the future . Eduard Kuznetsov stated that the space sector will outperform Ukraine's overall integration schedules because the branch already has a record of international cooperation . Ukraine is an impoverished former Soviet republic that gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 and has since a space power . President Leonid Kuchma's goal for Ukraine is greater integration into Europe . A Ukrainian company built in the Soviet era called yuzmash has helped found the Sea Launch project with the United States, Russia and Norway to launch satellites from converted sea-based oil drilling platforms . A Ukrainian cosmonaut named loenid Kadenyuk has flown a successful mission on the U.S. space shuttle . The European Space Agency's program has so far transferred more than 100 technologies . 15 new companies with a turnover of 150 million euros or 140 million dollars and thousands of new jobs were created as a result . Russia already participates in the European Space Agency's program .
 Embraer inaugurated a new factory to build corporate jets and expand into the military aviation sector on June 11, 2002 . Mauricio betelho stated that the factory will allow Embraer to enter business sectors it has not yet entered . The factory is located in an area called gaviao Peixoto in the Sao Paulo state in Brazil . Gaviao Peixoto is a small orange and sugar cane farming town of 4500 inhabitants about 300 kilometers or 180 miles northwest of Sao Paulo . This location was called ideal to test military aircraft at supersonic speeds . Embraer is investing 150 million dollars over 10 years to upgrade the factory's technology so that the factory can produce Embraer's new legacy corporate jet and a range of military aircraft . The military aircraft include the EMB-145 reconnaissance and alx super Tucano training planes . The factory contains a 5 kilometer or 3 mile long test runway which is the longest in the southern hemisphere . Embraer President Mauricio betelho stated that the factory is expected to employ 1000 people by 2003 and 3000 people over the next decade . The factory is expected to attract investments by the jetmaker's suppliers . Kawaski heavy industries of Japan is the first supplier to invest in the factory . This supplier will use the factory to make wings for Embraer's new 08 seat erj 190/195 passenger jets . Mauricio betelho stated kawaski heavy industries is likely to be just the first of several suppliers to invest in the plant . Embraer is the world's 4th largest aircraft manufacturer and Brazil's top exporter . Embraer is 1 of 4 competitors for a contract to supply the Brazilian air force with 12 new supersonic fighters . Embraer is working with French partner Dassault avaiation to gain technology transfer which should give the local bid an advantage over the other competitiors . The winner of this contract is expected to be announced in a few days . If Embraer wins the contract the Mirage 2000-5 BR would be assembled at the factory and Dassault would transfer all technology including software codes that allow flexibility int he choice of missiles to Embraer . Winning the contract would also allow Embraer to export assembled mirages . The competitors include Lockheed Martins' F-16 C, the JAS-39 Gripen built by a U.K.-Swedish consortium and two Russian planes called the MiG-29 and the Sukhoi Su-35 . Air Force experts are said to prefer the Sukhoi fighter but Botelho stated that national sovereignty should play an important role in the result . Sao Paulo state is Brazil's richest and most industralized state .
 Mohammed Aziz's son Imam was killed in Kashmir in January 2002 . Militants fighting against Indian rule buried the son in the Himalayan forests . Imam was Aziz's eldest son . Aziz stated that he would not hesitate to sacrifice his remaining four sons for Kashmiri independence . Aziz is angry that President Pervez Musharraf will obstruct Pakistan's the militant Islamic groups that send fighters into the Indian-ruled portion of Kashmir . Aziz stated his pride of being a father of a martyr and that President Musharraf has sold the blood of hundreds of freedom fighters by stopping men from waging jihad in Kashmir . Aziz was in Lahore near the Indian border south of Kashmir . 10000 people rallied on June 16, 2002 in Lahore including Aziz . Political and religious groups vowed to fight for Kashmir despite Musharraf's promise to stop militants based in Pakistan from crossing into Indian-controlled territory to stage attacks . Militant groups that oppose Musharraf's crackdown and Musharraf's support for the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan have been blamed for attacks targeting foreigners and symbols of Western influence in Pakistan . This included a bombing outside the U.S. consulate in Karachi that killed 12 people in June 2002 . Musharraf pledged to stop cross-border infiltration because of pressure from the United States . The United States fears the Kashmir crisis could trigger a full-scale conflict between India and Pakistan . The dispute over Kashmir began when India and Pakistan gained independence from Britain in 1947 . The two countries both have nuclear weapons and have fought two wars over Kashmir . There are increased tensions of war between India and Pakistan after an attack on an Indian army camp . The attack killed 34 people and was one of the deadliest single assaults since 1989 . In 1989 militants launched an insurgency in Indian-controlled Kashmir seeking independence or a merger with Islamic Pakistan . Kashmir is India's only Muslim-majority state . India is dominated by Hinduism . India accuses Islamabad of funding and training guerrillas . The guerrillas cross the Line of Control that divides Kashmir and carry out attacks on the Indian side . Tens of thousands of Indian troops, guerrillas and civilians have been killed . Pakistan says it only provides moral and political support for Kashmir's named freedom fighters . Diplomatic intervention and Musharraf's suppression of militants and cross-border attacks have decreased tensions of war . There is strong resentment among Pakistan's conservative Islamic groups . Fighter with Hezb-ul Mujahedeen Anas Javed said that Pakistan soldiers deployed near the Kashmir border used to pray for success in Jihad but are now terrorists according to Musharra . Hezb-ul Mujahedeen is one of the main militant groups fighting in Kashmir . The leaders of two other outlawed Pakistani militant groups that operate in Kashmir Lashkar-e-Tayyaba and Jaish-e-Mohammed are in police custody and under house arrest respectively . Musharraf's crackdown has decreased tensions about war . The dispute over Kashmir continues with no signs of abating . A Board was created during the rally in Lahore bearing the names of militants killed during the 12-year insurgency . Safdar Sadiqui's son was on it . Sadiqui's son was killed in Kashmir in 1993 at age 22 . Islamic cleric Sadiqui stated that his son gave his life for Kashmir and that Sadiqui would do whatever possible to liberate Kashmir . Sadiqui is associated with Pakistan's main hard-line religious group Jamaat-e-Islami . Muslim cleric Mohammed Yousaf stated his anger at the Pakistan army for preventing men from fighting against India in Kashmir at the Line of Control . Yousaf sat beside Sadiqui . Yousaf said that Pakistan is incomplete without Kashmir .
 The Cuban Government seeks to increase pharmaceutical profits by significantly expanding overseas markets through the development of novel pharmaceuticals and the sale of the world's most lucrative biotechnology drug, erythropoetin (EPO) . Amgen Inc. invented EPO and shares patent rights with Johnson & Johnson and Kirin Brewery in the most lucrative industrialized markets -- the US, Europe and Japan . In 2001 EPO generated 6 billion dollars in sales for the 3 corporations . Amgen sells EPO in the US as epogen for over 36 dollars per dose . US epogen consumers pay over 10000 dollars each annually for the drug . EPO is a genetically engineered protein used legally by kidney dialysis and chemotherapy patients and illegally by athletes to increase the concentration of oxygenated red blood cells . An increasing quantity of biotechnology drugs are produced without any attempts to obtain licenses in developing nations . US patent holders consider the trade in generic drugs a violation to their intellectual property . Consumers in developing countries appreciate lower prices on generic drugs . Cuba considers the generic drug trade good business and currently manufactures EPO for sale in Argentina, Brazil, India and other countries that do not acknowledge most US and European drug patents . Cuban biotechnology executive Blanca tormo stated that Cuba carefully abides by intellectual property laws and exclusively sells EPO in countries in which no entity has exclusive patent rights . The largest potential pharmaceutical market is in the 1.3 billion person Chinese market . Amgen, Kirin, the small Canadian biotechnology company Dragon Pharmaceuticals Inc. and at lease 4 Chinese companies currently sell EPO in China . The generic product costs as low as 5 dollars per dose in China . By joining the World Trade Organization in 2001 China agreed to abide by WTO intellectual property agreements but the agreements contain mechanisms allowing developing nations to circumvent patents, particularly in pharmaceuticals, when public health concerns are deemed to override the patents . Current state of biotechnology in Cuba -- . The Cuban biotechnology industry currently generates 100 million dollars annually and reaches markets in over 40 countries . Cuba's genetic engineering and biotechnology center occupies modern towers approved by Fidel Castro and employs over 1000 people to engineer proteins to combat major terminal illnesses . Cuba currently produces novel biotechnology products: hepatitis B and meningitis B vaccines, a skin growth factor, interferons, thrombosis and heart attack medicines and AIDS treatments . Cuba has produced over 78 million doses of hepatitis B vaccine . Cuba licensed its meningitis B vaccine to the British company GlaxoSmithKline, which hopes to eventually sell the vaccine in the United States under a Clinton-era exemption to the Cuban trade embargo . Cuba is cooperating with the small Canadian company YM biosciences on trials of a head and neck cancer treatment . Cuba is seeking further partnerships with foreign companies in vaccine research for AIDS, 8 types of cancer and cholera . Cuban officials including attendees of the annual bio 2002 Industry Conference 20020600 in Toronto stated that negotiations for new biotechnology trade and production agreements were in progress with Brazil, Malaysia, Netherlands, Spain, Mexico, Venezuela, Vietnam, Ukraine, Germany and the United States . Cuba has or is negotiating technology transfer agreements with 14 countries, chiefly developing nations including India, Algeria and South Africa . 20020500 US Undersecretary of State for Arms Control John Bolton stated that the US believes Cuba has at least a limited offensive biological warfare research and development effort and has provided dual-use biotechnology to other rogue states . Scientists, Castro, and former US President Jimmy Carter, who visited Cuba directly after Bolton's statement, dismissed Bolton's statement as unfair . Tormo stated that Bolton unintentionally increased publicity for the Cuban biotechnology program .
 The Russian military space forces on 020718 inaugurated an optical tracking facility that is intended to monitor objects in space and put it on test duty . The okno optical tracking facility is near the town of Nurek in the central region of the ex-Soviet republic of Tajikistan and located 50 kilometers (30 miles) southeast of the Tajik capital Dushanbe . Russian Space Forces said in a statement carried by the Interfax-military news agency that the okno (window) complex is capable of tracking objects 40000 kilometers (24800 miles) from Earth . The okno offers a better range and precision than standard radar facilities according to the Space Forces . The report did not elaborate on how the okno works . The report saids Space Forces chief Col.-Gen. Anatoly Perminov traveled to the site to report on the facility's launch to Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov, . According to images on the Federation of American Scientists' web site, the facility involves telescope-like equipment housed in several large spheres . The okno is located in Tajikistan's mountains 2200 meters (7260 feet) above sea level and takes advantage of the area's fine weather and high transparency of the atmosphere . Such conditions are not found elsewhere in the former Soviet Union . The site describes it as similar to the U.S. GEODSS system, or ground-based electro-optical Deep Space Surveillance . Three such U.S. facilities are operational . The construction of the facility started in 790000, but stopped after the 910000 Soviet collapse when Tajikistan slid into a 5 year civil war that undermined its economy and left its population in deep poverty . About 25000 Russian troops and border guards are deployed in Tajikistan to help protect its volatile southern border with Afghanistan and prevent drug smuggling .
 Italy sponsors technology transfer to developing countries as a form of foreign aid and alleviating poverty . Premier Silvio Berlusconi supported and sponsored the initiative with counterparts at recent international gatherings including the last G-8 Summit in Canada . Italy persuaded partners to let Italy lead the G-8 summit's e-government initiative called DOT Force or digital opportunity task force . Former IBM executive and current technology minister of Italy Lucio Stanca is leading Italy's Internet program for developing countries as part of the Group of Eight's efforts to reduce the digital divides . Silvio Berlusconi gave Lucio Stanca his current role of modernizing Italy's bureaucracy . Lucio Stanca stated that Italy will not targeting countries that have very basic needs . The first technology transfer projects will be implemented in the fall . One such project is creating an electronic database for real estate in Mozambique . So far 12 million euros or 12 million dollars have been allocated to finance the initial phase of these projects . This cost is only a fraction of the total cost . Italy is financing most of the cost but the World Bank and possibly some private telecommunications companies are also contributing . Lucio Stanca stated that the world must solve the problem of world hunger, disease and education but in order to do that the world must first help create good governance . The rationale behind creating good governance is that by making the public administration of developing countries more transparent and accountable developing countries would become more attractive potential recipients of traditional forms of aid such as loans and investments . In effect good governance would invalidate the reason used by countries that do not do enough that donating is not appropriate because it is impossible to know whether the aid would reach its true destination . The United Nations telecommunications agency stated that 83 countries in Africa, Asia, and the former Soviet Union still have less than 10 telephone lines for every 100 people . Other studies note that even though the Internet has been in use for more than a decade, only about 10 percent of the world's population has access to it . Reducing the digital divide has taken on a central role in the fight against global poverty in recent years . The United Nations has repeatedly stated that the world's poor may be further marginalized if there is no improvement in access to information technology . Reducing the digital divide was declared a priority at last year's G-8 Summit in Genoa which included Russia . Italy launched pilot programs in 5 countries at a conference in Sicily sponsored by the United Nations and Italy in April, 2002 . The Conference focused on how technologies can be used to improve administration in developing countries . The plan for Albania is computerization of demographic surveys . The plan for Jordan is e-procurement which will allow online trading, auctions, payment and settlement of bills . The plan for Tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection . The plan for Nigeria and Mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate . Washington-based adviser at World Learning Ann hudock stated that poverty reduction will only occur when the poor themselves are brought into the policy process . Oxfram America is a nonprofit development group based in Boston . World Learning is an organization promoting education and justice .
 Russian defense officials said the Russian Navy, Air Force and space forces successfully carried out a series of test firings of missiles on 021012 . A spokesman for the Russian Space Forces press service said the Russian Space Forces test-fired an RS-12 M Topol intercontinental ballistic missile . The spokesman said the missile took off from the Plesetsk cosmodrome, about 1200 kilometers (800 miles) north of Moscow and hit the target at the Kura Test Range on the Kamchatka peninsula in Russia's Far East, about 7000 kilometers (4200 miles) away . The spokesman said the launch was carried out by the Strategic Rocket Forces and space forces in accordance with schedule of troops military training . Topol missiles have been on combat duty for 15 years and Russia periodically tests them to see if their lifetime can be extended . A defense ministry spokesman said the Russian Navy's northern and Pacific fleets successfully test-fired ballistic missiles from nuclear submarines in the Barents Sea to the north and the Sea of Okhotsk . The spokesman said the purpose of the tests was to check the efficiency of the military command bodies of the Russian armed forces . Interfax news agency reported that 2 Russian strategic bombers on 021012 launched cruise missiles as part of a training exercise . Interfax said a Tu-160 bomber and a Tu-95 MS bomber launched the missiles against targets located on the military testing grounds in the Volga region after a 12-hour training flight .
 20021228 Indian Deputy Prime Minister Lal Krishna Advani stated at a gathering of paramilitary police officers in New Delhi -- . Intelligence reports state that al-Qaeda members have fled from American forces in Afghanistan and relocated to western Pakistan and Pakistan-controlled Kashmir, making Pakistan the new epicenter of terrorism . Cross-border incursions by Islamic guerrillas into Indian-controlled Kashmir increased in recent weeks . The international community must beware of the situation, which could prove expensive for any country . Pakistan's foreign ministry spokesman Aziz Ahmad Khan stated in Islamabad -- . The accusations were without merit . Indian leaders have previously leveled baseless allegations at Pakistan . India should resolve its issues with Pakistan including the core issue of Kashmir to ensure durable peace in the region, rather than accuse Pakistan . India has refused talks with Pakistan . Pakistani and American officials stated that over 400 Taliban and al-Qaeda suspects have been arrested in Pakistan . 20021228 the head of the Pakistan-based guerrilla group Hezb-ul Mujahadeen Syed Salahuddin stated at a meeting of Hezb commanders in mazzafarabad, the capital of Pakistani Kashmir, that Hezb will continue and increase jihad in the Indian state of Jammu-Kashmir with full force . Hezb is the largest of over 12 militias battling Indian troops for Kashmir's independence from mostly Hindu India, or its merger with Islamic Pakistan . Advani stated -- . Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf's assurance to the United States of ending cross-border terrorism in Kashmir, terminating militant camps and banning dozens of Islamic groups was merely cosmetic . Many of the banned terrorist groups continued activity in Pakistan and Kashmir under new names . The Indian army stated that 4 Islamic militants were killed in 2 separate gun battles 20021228 . Indian army spokesman Lt.Col. Mukhtar Singh stated that soldiers stormed a militant hideout in Kreeri, a village 35 kilometers north of Srinagar, Jammu-Kashmir's summer capital . 2 militants identified as members of the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Tayyaba group were killed . Approximately 25 kilometers southwest of Sringar 2 militants were killed in a second gun battle . Local police reported 4 civilians wounded in the crossfire . India and Pakistan have fought 2 of 3 wars over control of Kashmir . Both countries claim the entirety of the region . The Islamic insurgency in Kashmir has lasted 13 years and killed over 61000 people . India accuses Pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas . Pakistan claims it offers moral rather than material support to the rebels, whom it considers freedom fighters .
 A virus-like computer infection spread through worldwide digital networks and interrupted Internet service in parts of Asia on 25 January 2003 . The infection slowed or halted web browsing and e-mail services in several countries . Users and news media reported outages or slowdowns in Thailand, Japan, Malaysia, the Philippines, South Korea and India . Internet service providers said a sudden surge in traffic jammed networks on the afternoon of 25 January 2003 . Antivirus vendor Symantec Corp. estimated at least 22000 systems were affected worldwide . A technical support representative for Internet Thailand stated -- . A virus or worm attacked a bug in microsoft software . While traffic among domestic Thai servers was normal, exchanges with international servers began slowing down around 12:00 pm (0500 GMT) . The exchanges came to a halt within hours before recovering the evening of 25 January 2003 . U.S. officials stated the attack sought out vulnerable computers on the Internet using a known flaw in software from Microsoft Corp. called SQL server 2000 . The attacking software code scanned for victim computers randomly and aggressively and sent out thousands of probes each second which overwhelmed many Internet data pipelines . Local Thai subscribers stated that other Thai Internet service providers appeared to be unaffected . NHK television in Japan reported -- . Some of the Japan's Internet connections experienced heavy traffic . A public university computer had been hit by over 200000 transmissions in 1 hour . Security firms were investigating the incident . Traffic-directing computers at Korea Telecom freetel and SK Telecom failed to function in South Korea and affected millions of Internet users . Chief system engineer at KT freetel Kim Chang-Rae stated excessive traffic caused 1 of KT freetel's main domain servers to fail which forced other servers to shut down in a chain reaction . Officials stated the system was restored after several hours but service remained slow . The failure affected weekend Internet banking and shopping traffic ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday . Chunghwa Telecom Co. Ltd. is 1 of the largest Internet providers in Taiwan . A customer service operator from Chunghwa Telecom Co. Ltd. stated service experienced difficulties and that some customers weren't able to access the web . The operator would not state how many customers were affected . Privately-owned Internet service provider timedotcom in Malaysia stated timedotcom had received numerous complaints from customers of partial or no access to the Internet . Internet users in New Delhi reported service interruptions but no problems were reported in India's software development centers of Hyderabad and Bangalore . Internet service provider sky Internet Inc. in the Philippines reported an increase in signals early on 25 January 2003 and stated the increase was an apparent attempt to congest the network . Sky Internet Inc. workers temporarily shut down dial-up service in response to the increase in signals . Technical operator at Sky Internet Inc. Dan Rebueno stated several signals came from an outside source that workers at Sky Internet Inc. could not identify and the Workers blocked the congestion attempts . Rebueno stated sky Internet Inc. is currently up on a normal workload . Officials in the United States said the attack on 25 January 2003 bore similarities to a Code Red virus in the summer of 2001 which also halted traffic on much of the Internet . In May 2000 the so-called love bug virus was released in the Philippines and overwhelmed e-mail systems worldwide . The virus caused 10s of millions of dollars in damage . Prosecutors in the Philippines dismissed all charges against a man accused of releasing the virus because of a lack of applicable laws .
 Philippine intelligence reports obtained by the Associated Press reveal a Singapore-based al-Qaida group's plans to attack embassies of the United States, Great Britain, Israel and Australia, to attack U.S. corporations and warships in Singapore and to crash a hijacked plane at the country's international airport . The group ordered a chemist to buy 4 tons of ammonium nitrate . The amount is 4 times the amount of explosive that Timothy McVeigh used to bomb the Oklahoma City Federal Building . The embassy attacks were successfully stopped in the final stages by U.S. investigators and allies in Southeast Asia but the explosives were not recovered . 1 of the phillipine reports states that Singapore is a target for terrorist attacks because of its 17000 U.S. residents and 6000 multinational companies including several American companies . The terrorists belonged to Jemaah Islamiah designated by the U.S. government as a terrorist organization and described in 1 of the phillipine reports as part of the broader al-Qaida syndicate . The group planned attacks in Singapore before and after the hijackings in the United States on 11 September 2001 . The group is believed responsible for attacks throughout Southeast Asia . The group is suspected in the bombings in Bali that killed approximately 200 people in October 2002 . The attacks in Singapore were prevented after 15 individuals were arrested in December 2001 . 2 of the individuals arrested were released . 1 of the Philippine reports stated that local officials and Western business executives were shocked by the ability of Al-Qaida to plant operatives in such a tightly controlled society as Singapore . The members of the 4 or 5-man terror cells led normal lives and avoided contact with known Islamic organizations . The members were not known to be active members of mosques in Singapore . In efforts to avoid detection the members used code names and code numbers, communicated by e-mail, encrypted their computer diskettes and used prepaid mobile phone cards . Investigators stated that after the U.S. military campaign began in Afghanistan members of Jemaah Islamiah planned to procure 21 tons of explosive materials and bought 4 tons of ammonium nitrate in an operation to attack embassies in Singapore . The ammonium nitrate was purchased by captured Malaysian chemist and retired army captain Yazid Sufaat . Authorities state that Sufaat hosted 11 September hijackers and the accused terrorism suspect Zacarias Moussaoui in Malaysia at different times in 2000 . Authorities state that Sufaat provided Moussaoui with counterfeit documents with which to enter the United States . Moussaoui was arrested in August 2001 in Minnesota and remains the only U.S. defendant indicted as a conspirator with the perpetrators of the 11 September attacks . The Singaporean cell members were believed to be conducting reconnaissance when they were apprehended . The explosive materials were sent to an Indonesian island off Singapore . During the attack planning an Indonesian and a Kuwaiti arrived in Singapore with instructions for the embassy operations . Cell members guided them to the U.S. embassy which was videotaped including close-up shots . The adjoining Australian embassy was also videotaped . In a separate plot a member of the cell took digital photographs of U.S. military aircraft and personnel using Singapore's Paya Lebar air base . Singapore authorities believe a cell leader traveled to Afghanistan and briefed al-Qaida leaders about the proposed shuttle bus attack between August 1999 and April 2000 . The al-Qaida officials apparently turned down the plan because the target was not large enough . A few days after the Singapore arrests in December 2001 a videotape was found in an abandoned house in Kabul, Afghanistan in which a narrator describes locations in Singapore where bombs could be hidden to attack Americans . Investigators searched the homes of those detained in Singapore and found an identical videotape . The Singapore wing of Jemaah Islamiah may also have Thai connections since at least 5 members who eluded the 2001 arrests fled to Thailand . 1 of the reports stated -- . The group had previously plotted to conduct 7 simultaneous explosions in different areas of Singapore . The Group had further planned to hijack a U.S., British or Singaporean plane and crash it into Changi Airport in order to threaten the U.S. government to halt its military strikes against Afghanistan . In February 2003 Indonesian police announced the arrest of the alleged head of the cell in Singapore Mas Selamat Kastari who was suspected of planning the airport attack . Kastari also was suspected in the proposed shuttle bus attack . The reports arose after intelligence agents from Southeast Asian countries realized after the 11 September 2001 attacks that many radical Islamic groups in the region had close connections to each other and to Osama bin Laden's terrorist network .
 Government representatives of India and France stated April 28, 2003 that the 2 countries are making progress on India's plans to purchase French-made submarines and military aircraft . French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie stated after talks with Indian Defense Minister George Fernandez that the defense partnership between India and France is exemplary in intensity and diversity . Michele Alliot-Marie completed a 3-day visit to India on April 28, 2003 . The political situation in Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein, Afghanistan and the global fight against terrorism influenced Michele Alliot-Marie's visit . Michele Alliot-Marie stated that India is considering many new contracts for French submarines, military aircraft and other defense equipment . India and France will soon conclude a 2 billion dollar agreement to build 6 Scorpene submarines in India under a technology transfer deal . The deal is still awaiting final approval by the Indian Cabinet Committee on Security . The deal would allow the submarines to be supplied to the Indian Navy between 2010 and 2015 . The submarines would be armed with French-made Exocet anti-ship missiles . Michele Alliot-Marie stated that talks are likely to result in the successful completion of the deal by the end of 2003 . The Indian Air Force is considering buying 130 multi-role fighter planes to replace its aging Soviet-made MiG aircraft . France has been attempting to sell Mirage-V fighter jets to India for 5 years . Defense deals take years to conclude in India because every agreement must be approved by several ministries and can be stalled by opposition parties . Michele Alliot-Marie stated that the 2 sides in the Indian government have the competence and equivalent interests in defense cooperation and that the two sides must work together for deals to be completed . The governments of India and France share the position that the United Nations should lead efforts for the physical reconstruction of Iraq and that the political reconstruction of Iraq should be the responsibility of the local people . Michele Alliot-Marie stated that it is critical that Iraqi people take charge of the political restructuring of Iraq .
 Officials stated that officials from Pakistan and Iran discussed efforts against cross-border drug smuggling and human trafficking at the beginning of annual security talks on 8 May 2003 . Pakistan's interior ministry spokesman Asif Hussein Shirazi stated that Iran's Deputy Interior Minister for Security Affairs Ali Asghar Ahmedi and Pakistan's Interior Ministry Secretary Tasneem Noorani met in Islamabad for the conference that will occur from 8 May 2003 through 9 May 2003 . Ahmedi stated a proposal to create coordinated patrols and intelligence exchanges will be a priority . Ahmedia and Noorani will also discuss a plan to post security agents at border points to deter human traffickers . Pakistan and Iran straddle a major conduit for illegal drugs destined mainly for Western markets . Pakistan officials stated the week of 4 May 2003 that officials had seized the largest ever drug haul 1350 kilograms (2970 pounds) of heroin with an estimated value of 500 million American dollars . The seizure was conducted in the mountains of southwest Baluchistan province near the Iranian border . Ahmedi was scheduled to meet other Pakistani officials including Foreign Minister khusheed Kasuri in Islamabad, and the Governor of Baluchistan in the regional capital of Quetta .
 Sharon resisted renewed pressure from the cabinet to expel Arafat because the US opposes Arafat's expulsion as a potential derailment to the road map plan that would exacerbate the situation . Bush promised to focus on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict after the Iraq war . 20030519 Bush stated -- . The Bush administration is determined to pursue a peace plan with the objective of ending violence and establishing a Palestinian state by 2005 . The peace process is arduous but will not be abandoned until peace is achieved . Bush's commitment encouraged hopes of a breakthrough to end 32 months of violence but Palestinian militants have often prevented progress by increasing attacks at critical times in peacemaking . Sharon's insistence on ceasefire before the beginning of negotiations has granted veto powers to the militants .
 Prosecutors in South Korea's largest port on 3 June 2003 seized 80 kilograms (176 pounds) of illegal drugs . South Korean media stated the drugs may have originated from North Korea . Busan customs official Koh Sang-Deok stated prosecutors followed a tip and found methamphetamines in a container in southeastern Busan . Koh could not give further details . South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted unidentified customs officials as stating the drugs had an estimated street value of 300 billion won (250 million American dollars) . The news agency quoted the officials as stating the drugs might have come from North Korea and that the container was from China and arrived in Busan after stopping at a port in northeastern North Korea known as Rajin . The news agency stated that prosecutors were investigating . Officials at Busan District Prosecutors' Office were not immediately available for comment the evening of 3 June 2003 . Officials from the United States, Japan and other nations accuse North Korea of being a major supplier of heroin, methamphetamine and other narcotics to Asia . A U.S. State Department report on global narcotics trafficking stated many North Koreans including diplomatic employees have been apprehended abroad while trafficking illegal drugs . North Korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons . Drug trafficking, counterfeiting U.S. dollars and missile sales are believed to generate much of North Korea's hard currency as North Korea is an impoverished country . In April 2003 Australian authorities seized 50 kilograms (110 pounds) of heroin worth 48 million American dollars from a North Korean-owned ship . Australian authorities charged 29 of the ship's crew members with aiding and abetting the import of an illegal product . Australian officials stated the vessel was owned by North Korea's ruling Communist Workers' Party and raised the possibility of North Korean involvement . Pyongyang officials denied involvement . Australian police stated police had uncovered 75 kilograms (165 pounds) of heroin believed to be linked to the same North Korean ship the week of 26 May 2003 . The heroin was found near the site where the previous stash was discovered in April 2003 .
 In April 2003 Australian authorities found 50 kilograms (110 pounds) of heroin worth 48 million American dollars on a North Korean-owned ship and charged the 29 crew members of the ship with aiding and abetting the import of an illegal product . Australian authorities stated the vessel was owned by North Korea's ruling Communist Workers' Party and raised the possibility of North Korean involvement . The week of 1 June 2003 Australian police stated police had seized 75 kilograms (165 pounds) of heroin believed to be linked to the same North Korean ship . On 10 June 2003 North Korean officials rejected allegations that the people of North Korea were involved in drug trafficking and accused Australian officials of joining government in Washington in an attempt to suppress North Korea . North Korean state-run news agency KCNA stated -- . North Korean officials clarify that North Korean government strictly bans drug misuse and smuggling and has nothing to do with the recent case . The North Korean ship is a non-governmental trading ship and the owner of the ship did not know about the alleged drug smuggling . The case is a product of the political intrigues of the United States and some undesirable forces in Australia to invent a pretext to impair the authority of the DPRK and attack the DPRK . Officials from the United States, Japan, and other nations accuse North Korea of being a major supplier of heroin, methamphetamine and other narcotics to Asia . A U.S. State Department report on global narcotics trafficking stated many North Koreans including employees at overseas embassies have been apprehended abroad while trafficking illegal drugs . Drug trafficking, counterfeiting U.S. dollars and missile sales are believed to generate much of North Korea's hard currency as North Korea is an impoverished country suspected of building nuclear weapons .
 A bombing occurred in Afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible . Authorities have previously blamed Taliban and their allies for attacks in the south and east of Afghanistan . Ahmed Wali Karzai is the President's representative in southern Kandahar . Ahmed Wali Karzai has no official function . The younger Karzai was not in the house at the time of the explosion . Attacks by anti-government insurgents have become increasingly bold and deadly with 100s of rebels attacking police stations in eastern Afghanistan in recent days . Several policemen have been killed and others have been captured . President Karzai recently replaced the governor of southern Kandahar Gul Agha Sherzai with another ethnic Pashtun Yusuf Pashtun . This replacement was an effort to reduce the power of regional warlords and to extend the Government's authority beyond the capital of Kabul . There was no indication of whether the bomb explosion was linked to insurgents or to tribal rivalries .
 21 October 2003 -- Albanian Luan Krasniqi has been convicted and sentenced in absentia for weapons trafficking . Krasniqi was captured in Macedonia on an international arrest warrant . In 2002 Krasniqi was sentenced to 10 years in prison after escaping arrest . Circumstances of Krasniqi's arrest are unclear . Krasniqi may have been stopped by police because for not having a passport and later arrested on the basis of the international warrant . On 20 October 2003 Krasniqi was deported to Albania . Krasniqi is a resident of village in Kukes district . Kukes district is located 200 kilometers (125 miles) northeast of Tirana and borders Macedonia . Approximately 150000 weapons may have reached ethnic Albanian militants fighting in Kosovo and Macedonia . Albania has collected 200000 of the weapons . Illegally held weapons are a major problem in Albania . An estimated 200000 arms are held by private citizens in Albania . In 1997 an estimated 550000 weapons, 839 million rounds of ammunition and 16 million explosive devices disappeared from Albania during unrest that followed riots . The riots started after pyramid schemes into which most Albanians had invested their savings had collapsed . Kosovo and Macedonia border Albania .
 On 26 December 2007 Jordan's state Petra news agency stated -- . Jordanian King Abdullah II appointed a new top energy official . The energy official was appointed amid Jordan's heightened plans for a peaceful nuclear program . A royal decree appointed Farouk Al-Hiyari as Secretary General for the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Wealth . Al-Hiyari previously headed the Directorate of industrial energy at the ministry . In September 2007 the United States signed an accord with Jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program . Under the accord the U.S. agreed to help Jordan develop requirements for appropriate power reactors, fuel service arrangements, civilian training, nuclear safety, and energy technology . Earlier in 2007 Abdullah announced that -- . Abdullah intended to develop a peaceful nuclear program . alternative energy sources were needed to generate electricity and desalinate water in Jordan . Jordan has signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty . Jordan has long called for a Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction . Jordan is the United States' Mideast ally . Jordan is oil-poor .
 On 080112 South Korea's incoming government denied a local media report stating that South Korea is considering participating in a United States-led program aimed at stopping the spread of weapons of mass destruction by countries such as North Korea . The Chosun Ilbo newspaper reported the incoming South Korean government of President-elect Lee Myung-bak was considering a foreign ministry suggestion that South Korea should consider becoming a full member of the Proliferation Security Initiative . The Proliferation Security Initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction . The South Korean Foreign Ministry reportedly made the recommendation suggesting that South Korea should consider becoming a full member of the Proliferation Security Initiative during a briefing to the South Korean government transition team on 080104 . The Chosun Ilbo newspaper report stated that the South Korean Foreign Ministry stated that becoming a full member of the Proliferation Security Initiative would be helpful in strengthening South Korea's alliance with the United States . The South Korean Foreign Ministry Spokesman Cho Hee-Yong also declined to confirm that the South Korean Foreign Ministry had made the proposal suggesting that South Korea should consider becoming a full member of the Proliferation Security Initiative . In a 1 sentence statement issued later in the day on 080112 Cho Hee-Yong stated that there is no change in the South Korean government's basic position that we support the purpose and principle of the Proliferation Security Initiative and South Korea will adjust the scope of South Korea's participation according to South Korea's judgment . Park Jung-Ha stated without any further elaboration to the Associated Press that the incoming South Korean government have not discussed the Proliferation Security Initiative at all . Park Jung-ha is a transition team spokesman . The North Korean government has warned the South Korean government against participating in the Proliferation Security Initiative program . The North Korean government stated if the South Korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences . The Proliferation Security Initiative was launched in 030000 primarily to deter trade in missile and nuclear technology by States such as North Korea and Iran . Countries participating in the proliferation security initiative hold maritime drills to search ships suspected of carrying nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, materials to make these weapons, or missiles to deliver these weapons . South Korea has only been an observer to the Proliferation Security Initiative Program and the South Korean government has so far refused United States requests to become a full member of the Proliferation Security Initiative program . The South Korean government has stated that South Korea does not want to provoke North Korea . North Korea views the Proliferation Security Initiative program as a United States attempt to overthrow the Communist regime in North Korea . The South Korea is led by a liberal government . Lee Myung-bak has stated that he would strengthen relations with the United States because the United States and South Korea lacked trust under the outgoing South Korean administration . Lee Myung-Bak is a conservative former Seoul mayor . Lee Myung-Bak will take take the Office of the President of South Korea on 080225 .
 Brazil's Defense Ministry said 080128 that the Brazilian Government is seeking to buy military technology from France that could help Brazil become the first country in Latin America to have a nuclear submarine . Defense ministry spokesman Jose Ramos said Defense Minister Nelson Jobim traveled to France during 080120-080126 with the main objective of the visit being to discuss the possible purchase of a diesel-powered Scorpene class submarine that would serve as a model for the development of a nuclear submarine . Ramos said that any defense-related agreement that may eventually be signed with the Government of France must include the transfer of technology and noted that Brazil has nuclear reactors and fuel enrichment capacity but has not had the technology to build a nuclear submarine . Ramos declined to confirm a report published 080128 by the Folha de S. Paulo newspaper saying that the Brazilian Government would buy the submarine for US $600 million and pay off the amount over 20 years at an annual interest rate of 2.4 percent . The Brazilian Government has discussed building a nuclear submarine for decades and began a formal program in 1979 . President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva announced US $540 million in new funding for the program and for existing uranium enrichment efforts in 070700 . Executive Director of Washington-based nonpartisan research group Arms Control Association Daryl Kimball said that Brazil will surely become the first country in Latin America to have a nuclear submarine if a Brazil-France agreement results in the construction of a nuclear submarine . Other topics of Jobim's visit to France: . Ramos said the Brazilian government wants to establish a strategic partnership with France which would involve the exchange of experiences and knowledge and noted that France is interested in Brazilian jungle warfare knowledge in terms of both tactics and the use of electronic equipment in the humidity of tropical rain forests . Ramos said that the Brazilian government also hopes to discuss deals involving France's Rafale fighter jet and the Cougar cargo helicopter but gave no additional details .
 Director General of the UN International Atomic Energy Agency Mohammed ElBaradei told a conference of the world's top defense officials on 080209 that the biggest danger facing the world is not new nuclear States but the risk of extremist groups obtaining atomic weapons . ElBaradei urged a reduction of the world's nuclear stockpile and better controls and said that an extremist group would use nuclear weapons upon procuring such weapons . ElBaradei said that even countries which have nuclear weapons know that a country which uses nuclear weapons will be pulverized but that extremist groups will use nuclear weapons if possible . ElBaradei said that countries need to be aware that extremist groups procuring nuclear weapons is the number one security threat the world is facing and added as a note of caution that given the state of the system of international controls it was hard to determine whether nuclear materials were ending up with extremist groups . ElBaradei said much of the material that is reported stolen is never recovered and that a lot of the material recovered has never been reported stolen . ElBaradei said in reference to Iran that the international community should quickly engage in talks with the Iranian government to secure guarantees that the Iranian nuclear program will not be used to develop weapons and that such confidence can only be built through direct negotiations . U.S. Sen. Joe Lieberman said that Iran remained the world's top arms control challenge and that it would be a profound mistake to focus on the recent U.S. national intelligence estimate that suggested Iran no longer had a nuclear weapons program . Lieberman pointed out that in the Nie report which said that the Iranian government's covert work on bomb design may have been temporarily suspended in 03000 it was also and far more importantly stated that Iran's overt work on enrichment continues apace . German foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier similarly emphasized that the Nie report in no way grants Iran any kind of absolution . Germany has been working with the 5 permanent U.N. Security Council members on the Iranian nuclear issue . Steinmeier consequently believes it is right for the international community to keep up the pressure on Iran . Steinmeier said that in the interests of global safety the international community's common goals must continue to be to prevent Iranian nuclear armament and to counteract the erosion of the Nonproliferation Treaty .
 An expert stated on February 14, 2008 that top transplant surgeons in Austria are collaborating with criminal organ trafficking networks to target desperate people . During the Vienna Forum to fight human trafficking Nancy scheper-Hughes stated that organ trafficking involves people from the highest levels of professions . Nancy scheper-Hughes also stated that some surgeons are willing to collaborate with the key factors of the organ trade including criminal networks, brokers and kidney hunters . Recently a man in India was accused of being the leader of a syndicate that is alleged to have illegally removed hundreds of kidney including some from poor laborers held at gunpoint . Indian police stated that the man headed an illegal organ transplant ring based in the upscale New Delhi suburb of gurgao . The syndicate may have sold up to 500 kidneys to clients who traveled to India from around the world in the past 9 years . Nancy schepeter-Hughes stated that no accurate estimate of how many people are trafficked for organs exists but a conservative estimate would be 15000 trafficked kidneys per year . Nancy schepeter-Hughes stated that there strong cases documenting coercion in Eastern Europe, Turkey, Israel, India and the United States . Nancy schepeter-Hughes stated that most victims of kidney trafficking are coerced by need and not by physical force . In Brazil people were competing to be chosen for kidney trafficking . Individuals stuffed 10 dollar bills into the pocket of a kidney broker . Nancy schepeter-Hughes stated that this competition is driven by desperation . Nancy schepeter-Hughes stated that trafficking does not have to be transnational and can also be found within countries . A December 2007 World Health Organization Bulletin included a paper that noted that the shortage of an indigenous supply of organs has led to the development of the international organ trade . Yosuke shimazono wrote the paper . The paper also noted that the international organ trade is not well understood because of a lack of data and lack of effort to integrate the available information . The Vienna Forum ends on February 15, 2008 and is being convened by the United Nations global initiative to fight human trafficking . Nancy scheper-Hughes is Founding Director of organs Watch, a professor, and the Director of University of California at Berkeley's medical anthropology program . Organs watch is an academic research project based at the University of California at Berkeley . Organs Watch has a presence in 10 countries with anthropologists, human rights activists and doctors who volunteer . Some people volunteer anonymously .
 On 080218 the United Kingdom's Foreign Office released an early version of a 020000 dossier of prewar intelligence on Iraq that became vital to Tony Blair's case for going to war in Iraq . Foreign Secretary David Miliband published a draft of the dossier on Iraq's weapons capabilities following a request under freedom of information laws . The dossier of prewar intelligence on Iraq includes references to intelligence claims that Iraq had acquired uranium and had equipment necessary to produce chemical weapons . The dossier of prewar intelligence on Iraq does not contain a claim that Iraq could launch weapons of mass destruction within 45 minutes . The claim that Iraq could launch weapons of mass destruction within 45 minutes was an allegation that became crucial to Blair's support of the 030000 United States led invasion of Iraq and the allegation was later discredited . Freedom of Information campaigners allege the assertion that that Iraq could launch weapons of mass destruction within 45 minutes was inserted into later drafts of the dossier of prewar intelligence shortly before the dossier was published on the orders of Tony Blair's office in order to strengthen the case for war in Iraq . The Freedom of Information campaigners allegations is strongly denied by Government of the United Kingdom . David Miliband stated that the early draft of dossier of prewar intelligence on Iraq was not used as the basis for later documents that were drafted by the Joint Intelligence Committee . The early draft of dossier of prewar intelligence on Iraq was produced by then Foreign Office press office chief John Williams . Tony Blair presented a final draft of the joint intelligence committee dossier to the United Kingdom's Parliament on 020924 . The final draft of the joint intelligence committee dossier included the claim that Iraq could launch weapons of mass destruction within 45 minutes . The name of the joint intelligence committee dossier was Iraq's weapons of mass destruction . A second document was published in 030200 was found to have repeated verbatim parts of an academic study on Iraq's supposed concealment of weapons of mass destruction . The second document that was published in 030200 became known as the dodgy dossier . Hans Blix stated in 070000 that Hans Blix believed that Tony Blair had replaced question marks with exclamation marks in intelligence dossiers to justify the decision to invade Iraq . Hans Blix is the former United Nations chief weapons inspector . Lord Butler's 2004 official inquiry into the intelligence on Iraq did not fault Tony Blair's government . Lord Butler's 2004 official inquiry criticized intelligence officials for relying in part on seriously flawed or unreliable sources . Lord Butler stated that the dossiers had pushed the Government of the United Kingdom's case to the limits of available intelligence and left out vital caveats . United Kingdom's government weapons scientist David Kelly killed himself in 030000 after he was exposed as the source of a British Broadcasting Corporation report that accused Tony Blair's Downing Street office of embellishing intelligence to make a stronger case for war in Iraq . On 080218 John Williams stated in The Guardian newspaper that many within United Kingdom's government had failed to find problems with Tony Blair's case for joining the invasion of Iraq . The 080218 statement in the Guardian newspaper was written by John Williams . On 080218 John Williams stated in The Guardian newspaper that other people were more perceptive than the many within United Kingdom's government had failed to find problems with Tony Blair's case for joining the invasion of Iraq and that one of these more perceptive people was the former United Kingdom Foreign Secretary Robin Cook . Robin Cook was one of the ministers John Williams advised for a time . David Miliband criticized the decision of freedom of information authorities to order the release of the John Williams document . David Miliband stated in writing that officials and other people who draft policy documents should not feel constrained in presenting free and frank advice through fear that their ideas will be made public . Robin Cook resigned from Tony Blair's cabinet in opposition to the Iraq war because Robin Cook claimed he could not support military action without international approval . Robin cook died in 050000 . John Williams wrote in The Guardian newspaper on 080218 that Robin Cook was right and the people who carried on working for the Government of the United Kingdom were wrong . David Miliband criticized the decision of freedom of information authorities to order the release of John Williams written statement . John Williams written statement can be found on the Internet at http://www.fco.gov.uk/files/kfile/WMD--Jul--2002.pdf .
 On 080227 the North Atlantic Treaty Organization stated that a roadside bomb blast killed 2 North Atlantic Treaty Organization soldiers patrolling in eastern Afghanistan and wounded 1 other North Atlantic Treaty Organization soldier . North Atlantic Treaty Organization stated that a seizure of 400 million United States dollars worth of opium took place in the south of Afghanistan . The North Atlantic Treaty Organization's International Security Assistance Force stated that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization soldiers were on routine patrol when the bomb detonated in the Sharan district of Paktika province on 080226 . The International Security Assistance Force did not provide the nationalities of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization soldiers killed . According to an Associated Press tally of figures from the International Security Assistance Force and the United States-led coalition, 21 foreign troops have killed in Afghanistan so far this year . Insurgency-related violence killed 222 foreign troops and more than 6500 people in total in Afghanistan in 070000 . 070000 was the deadliest year since the United States-led invasion of Afghanistan began in 2001 . On 080226 the International Security Assistance Force stated that North Atlantic Treaty Organization soldiers and Afghan soldiers discovered and destroyed a large quantity of opium during a patrol last week in the Sangin district of southern Helmand province . Helmand province has been the frontline of the bloodiest battles in recent years between militants and foreign forces . Helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region . Officials estimate that up to 40 percent of proceeds from Afghanistan's drug trade is used to fund the insurgency . 40 percent of proceeds of Afghanistan's drug trade is worth tens of millions of United States dollars .
 Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos stated to the main world disarmament body in Geneva that Colombian police have found computer evidence indicating the leftist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia has been attempting to obtain radioactive material to build dirty bombs . Santos stated Colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader Raul Reyes . Santos stated the FARC movement was apparently negotiating for radioactive material . Santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism . Colombian officials have already disclosed that officials found documents suggesting the rebels have bought and sold uranium .
 Colombia's Vice President Francisco Santos stated to the world disarmament body on March 4, 2008 that police found computer evidence indicating Colombia's main leftist rebel group called the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia had been trying to obtain radioactive material for dirty bombs to threaten Latin America . Francisco Santos stated that Colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with Raul Reyes . The Conference on Disarmament contains 65 members . Francisco Santos stated that Colombia will readily provide the Committee with any information requested on the topic of the connection between drug trafficking and terrorist groups . Colombian security forces killed Raul Reyes on March 1, 2008 in Ecuador . Raul Reyes is second in command of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Columbia and was the public face of the group as well as the group's spokesman . Colombia stated on March 3, 2008 that the country found computer documents suggesting the rebels have bought and sold uranium . Francisco Santos stated that the development demonstrates that the economic power of drug trafficking is enabling terrorist groups to constitute a serious threat not only to Colombia but to the entire Andean and Latin American region . Uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism . Francisco Santos stated that the Colombian Government was making strides to increase security inside the country and to combat terrorist access to weapons . Francisco Santos also stated that Colombia has managed an unprecedented reduction in all levels of violence .
 The Colombian government is worried about documents on the laptop of a slain rebel leader indicating the guerrillas were trying to obtain uranium . Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos had told the 65-member Conference on Disarmament on 080304 that the Colombian Government was alarmed because uranium is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and for terrorism . Santos backed off slightly and told the Associated Press on 080305 that Colombian authorities have no evidence or indication that the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia are seeking to use the uranium to build a radioactive dirty bomb . Santos said in a telephone interview from Brussels that what Santos had meant was to take note and not take it lightly and said that putting the FARC rebels and the word uranium in the same sentence was alarming . The FBI has an office in Bogota and Spokesman Richard kolko said in Washington that the FBI has no information or intelligence regarding the FARC attempting to use weapons of mass destruction . The FARC has been fighting successive Colombian Governments for more than 4 decades using conventional weapons . The document addressing uranium was found in a laptop belonging to a top FARC commander named Raul Reyes . Reyes was killed on 080301 in a raid into Ecuador that has generated intense international criticism . The poorly written communication addressed to Reyes was dated 080216 and was signed by Edgar Tovar . Santos said Tovar commands a FARC front near Ecuador . Tovar wrote that a man named Belisario in Bogota supplies Tovar with explosives and sent Tovar a catalog and specifications . Tovar wrote that Belisario proposed to sell each kilo at US $2.5 million and deliver it and that Tovar and Reyes would then find a buyer . Tovar wrote the deal would be with a Government and to sell them a sizable amount . Tovar wrote Belisario had 50 kilos ready and could sell a lot more as Belisario had direct contact with uranium suppliers . The uranium reference in Tovar's writing was quickly cited by Colombia's government while seeking to deflect criticism over the raid . Gen. Oscar Naranjo said at an explosive news conference that the FARC mentioning negotiations for 50 kilos of uranium means that the FARC are taking big steps in the world of terrorism to become a global aggressor and were not just domestic guerrillas but transnational terrorists . Santos took Colombia's complaints to the European Union's foreign affairs representative Javier Solano on 080305 . Santos told the AP after meeting with Solano that the Europeans were really worried about the uranium and were not taking the issue lightly . Colombian officials say they have no other information from the laptop or other sources indicating FARC interest in radioactive materials or unconventional weapons . It wasn't clear what exactly the material Tovar was writing about might be . Santos said the uranium mentioned in the communication sounded like processed uranium . The price mentioned suggests that the uranium would be processed and hence dangerous . Charles Ferguson is a physicist with the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington and said that unprocessed uranium is relatively harmless and goes for about US $100 a kilo . Ferguson expressed fear if the uranium in question were the highly enriched weapons-grade uranium capable of being used in a low-yield improvised nuclear device . Ferguson was not aware of any highly enriched uranium of appreciable quantities in the region near Colombia and Venezuela .
 On 19 March 2008 a court official stated that an appeals court in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam has sentenced an Australian woman to death for heroin trafficking . The anonymous court official stated that at the 1-day trial on 18 March 2008 Vietnam-born Jasmine Luong of Sydney, Australia was convicted of trafficking 1.4 kilograms (3 pounds) of heroin . The court official cited Vietnamese policy for speaking under condition of anonymity . Luong was apprehended in February 2007 at the Ho Chi Minh City Airport while preparing to board a flight to Sydney with heroin concealed in her shoes and luggage . In December 2007 a lower court sentenced Luong to life in prison but prosecutors appealed the ruling . The court official stated that on 18 March 2008 Luong stated to judges that she was hired by an unidentified man to ship the heroin to Australia in exchange for 15000 U.S. dollars (9500 euro) . Luong stated she was given approximately 4700 U.S. dollars (2980 euro) in advance with the balance to be paid in Australia . Vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws . Possession, trade or trafficking of more than 600 grams (1.3 pounds) of heroin or 20 kilograms (44 pounds) of opium is punishable by death or life in prison .
 The British embassy said in a statement released on 4 April 2008 that Vietnam's President Nguyen Minh triet commuted the death sentence for Vietnamese-born British citizen Le Manh Luong to life in prison . Luong and 3 other Vietnamese defendants were sentenced in 2006 to death for involvement in a drug ring that trafficked 339 kilograms (746 pounds) of heroin from Laos to Hong Kong and China via Vietnam . An appeals court in 2007 upheld the death sentences . The embassy stated President triet commuted Luong's sentence in March 2008 after several British Government appeals to spare Luong from the firing squad . The embassy stated the British government is opposed to the death penalty in all circumstances . It is the Government's policy to make representations at any stage and level deemed appropriate when a British national faces the death penalty . Vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws . Possession, trading or trafficking more than 600 grams (1.3 pounds) of heroin or 20 kilograms (44 pounds) of opium is punishable by death . Vietnam's government sentences approximately 100 people to death by firing squad each year . Most death sentences are for drug-related offenses .
 A parliamentary commission report stated on April 9, 2008 that money from drug trafficking in Bulgaria has been used to fund terrorist groups . The report said Bulgarian crime groups engaged in trafficking and drugs sometimes work together with Arab citizens linked to terrorist organizations . The Associated Press obtained a copy of the document . The report said that part of the profit from trafficking in drugs such as amphetamines has been used to finance terrorist organizations like Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad, and Christian militias in Lebanon . The U.S. State Department said in its 2008 international narcotics control strategy report that Bulgaria continues to be a source of drug production . Part of that is being smuggled into Turkey and the Middle East . The parliamentary report was issued amid revelations of illegal links between senior police officers and criminals . The document said the amount of illegal drugs seized by authorities declined after classified police information had been leaked to criminals . The leaks prompted the arrest of senior police and a motion of no-confidence from opposition parties . The document is based on figures from the National Security Agency . The motion will be voted on April 11, 2008 . Bulgaria's government has been repeatedly criticized by the European Union over its inability to tackle rampant corruption and organized crime . Bulgaria's government is a Socialist-led coalition . Bulgaria is a Balkan country of 7.7 million people and lies on a major drug trafficking route linking Western Europe, the Middle East and southwestern Asia .
 A security official stated that on 15 April 2008 an Egyptian military court known for severe verdicts convicted 25 key members of the opposition Muslim Brotherhood with sentences up to 10 years in jail . The security official attended the trial at the court north of Cairo but spoke on condition of anonymity because the official is not authorized to speak to the media . The official stated the charges against members of Egypt's largest opposition group included money laundering and terrorism but it was not immediately clear if the 25 were found guilty of both offenses . The official stated that 15 other defendants were acquitted . Among the acquitted were businessman Abdel-Rahman Saudi who runs a supermarket chain in Egypt and a journalist . Authorities created a security ring around the courthouse with 100s of policemen creating checkpoints on the road leading to the court before the verdict announcement . Police searched vehicles and drove away reporters and family members of the defendants . A security official stated that approximately 20 people including relatives and reporters were detained . Defense lawyer Abdel-Moneim Abdel-Maksoud stated the judge entered the courtroom and issued the ruling but then left without notifying the opposition group's defense lawyers who stood outside the courthouse after being prevented by policemen from entering the courtroom . The 25 sentenced included the Brotherhood's chief strategist Khayrat El-Shater and the Brotherhood's prominent financier and businessman Hassan Malek . El-Shater joined the Brotherhood in 1974 and has been jailed 4 times for a total of 7 years on charges relating to membership in the Brotherhood which was outlawed before 1958 . Malek owns a chain of furniture stores and textile factories and is known as 1 of the Brotherhood's main financiers . El-Shater and Malek each received 7-year sentences . El-Shater and Malek's property was confiscated and is believed to be worth millions of dollars . Abdel-Maksoud stated the confiscation will affect the Brotherhood's financial bases . Abdel-Maksoud stated that a recent amendment to the Egyptian judicial system allows defendants to appeal within 60 days . The 25 people sentenced have been in custody since December 2006 . The arrests were believed to have been sparked by a militia-style demonstration by student Brotherhood members from the Al-Azhar University in Cairo . The demonstrators wore black and masks similar to those of the militant Palestinian Hamas and Lebanon's Hezbollah groups . The demonstration prompted a government investigation into whether the Brotherhood had resurrected a military wing . The Brotherhood figures were referred to a military court after the arrests . The referral is authorized under emergency laws in effect since 1981 that allow the president to refer civilians to military tribunals . Brotherhood members have since been routinely tried before military courts but the trial in 2007-2008 is the largest in years . The verdict in the yearlong trial occurred amid a government crackdown on the Brotherhood and unrest in Egypt over rising food prices and stagnant wages . More than 800 Brotherhood members have been detained in 2008 in an effort to decrease influence as President Hosni Mubarak enters the 27th year in power . 100s of Brotherhood members and supporters have been detained in Security sweeps since October 2006 . The 40 senior figures on trial were detained as part of the sweeps . 7 senior figures were tried in absentia and are believed to be outside the country . Some of the 7's whereabouts are unknown . 5 of the absent senior figures received 10-year prison terms including Swiss-based Egyptian-born businessman Youssef M. Nada whose company has been listed by the United States since 2001 as an organization accused of helping fund terrorism . London-based human rights group Amnesty International called the sentences on 15 April 2008 a perversion of justice and demanded the men be released and retried in a civilian court . Amnesty International said in a statement that the sentences leave little doubt that the Egyptian authorities are determined to undermine what has become the main opposition group in Egypt . Amnesty International stated trying civilians before military courts flouts international standards of fair trial and is inherently unjust . The Muslim Brotherhood's supreme leader Mohammed Mahdi Akef denounced the verdict and stated that Egyptian authorities are corrupt gangsters . Akef stated to the Associated Press that there was no evidence against the convicted and that acquittals for the convicted are expected . Akef stated in a telephone interview that gangs not politicians rule Egypt . Akef would not discuss the Brotherhood's future plans . The Brotherhood won 88 of parliament's 454 seats in the 2005 elections with Brotherhood candidates running as independents .
 On 17 April 2008 a South African government spokesman stated that South Africa will not intervene to stop a shipment of Chinese-made weapons from reaching Zimbabwe despite the acute instability of the political situation in Zimbabwe . South African government spokesman Themba Maseko stated that the Zimbabwean government's failure to release election results 2 weeks after elections is cause for great concern and that the dire situation requires mediation . Maseko's comments were the strongest issued on the subject by the South African Government to date . South African President Thabo Mbeki is the main mediator in Zimbabwe . Mbeki has stated that there is no crisis in Zimbabwe despite the increasing violence and intimidation since the 29 March 2008 vote and the refusal of Zimbabwe's election commission to release results that independent observers and the opposition State show President Robert Mugabe lost the vote . Critics call the South African reaction appeasement . Criticism increased on 17 April 2008 following a report that South African mediator Sydney Mufamadi led an arms control committee meeting that approved transit of a shipment of Chinese weapons across South African territory en route to Zimbabwe . The Chinese ship called an Yue Jiang docked in Durban harbor in South Africa after receiving approval from Port authorities late on 16 April 2008 . The Beeld newspaper stated the ship was carrying approximately 3 million rounds of ammunition for small arms and AK-47s, approximately 3500 mortars and mortar launchers and 1500 rockets for rocket-propelled grenades . The newspaper stated it obtained a copy of the ship's cargo documentation finalized 3 days after Zimbabwe's election on 01 April 2008 . A South African government official speaking on condition of anonymity confirmed the presence of weapons on the ship but gave no further details . Durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not immediately be reached for comment . Government spokesman Maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the Government of South Africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country . After a cabinet meeting Maseko stated to reporters -- . The Government of South Africa cannot act unilaterally to prevent a trade deal between 2 countries . South Africa is not involved in the arrangement . It would be possible but very difficult for South Africa to intervene and to disallow the shipment . There was presently no trade embargo against Zimbabwe . China is one of Zimbabwe's main trade partners and allies . A group representing mainly white South Africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to Zimbabwe . Afriforum's kallie kriel stated that the National Conventional Arms Control Committee had granted approval for the transit of the weapons on 14 April 2008 . Kriel stated he had written to Committee Chairman and Local Government Minister Sydney Mufamadi asking him to retract the permission . Kriel stated that the South African Government's approval for the transport of the arms across South African territory effectively means that the government is replacing its ineffective policy of silent diplomacy with a more catastrophic policy of complicity with the State violence and human rights violations committed by the Zimbabwean government against its own citizens . The South African opposition Democratic Alliance agreed with kriel's comments . Mufamadi also heads the South African mediating team between Zimbabwe's ruling ZANU-PF party and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change . Mufamadi's office referred reporters to the Arms Control Committee whose spokesman did not immediately return phone calls .
 A South African government spokesman stated on April 4, 2008 that South Africa will not intervene to stop a shipment of Chinese-made weapons from reaching Zimbabwe even though the political situation in Zimbabwe is dire . The shipment is in a ship called the an Yue hiang which was anchored outside Durban harbor after receiving permission late on April 16, 2008 to dock . The shipment contains nearly 3 million rounds of ammunition for small arms and AK-47s, about 3500 mortars and mortar launchers and 1500 rockets for rocket-propelled grenades . This report comes from the Beeld newspaper which claimed to have a copy of the ship's cargo documentation finalized on April 1, 2008 which was 3 days after Zimbabwe's election . An anonymous government official confirmed that the shipment contained weapons but gave no further details . Durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment . The South African Revenue Service said customs officials were bound by confidentiality rules and could not give details of the content of the cargo . Spokesman Themba Maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order South Africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through South African territory to Zimbabwe . Defense Secretary January Masilela confirmed to South African radio that the National Conventional Arms Control Committee granted approval for the transit of the weapons . January Masilela stated that if the buyer is the Zimbabwean sovereign government and the seller is the Chinese sovereign government, South Africa has nothing to do with the transaction because South Africa works according to established international conventions which allow the nation no jurisdiction over goods in transit . Sydney Mufamadi is the government official who approved the transit and he is the same official who heads the team mediating in the Zimbabwe crisis . Themba Maseko stated that the situation in Zimbabwe is dire because elections are held and results are not released 2 weeks after . This was the strongest comment on Zimbabwe so far by the South African Government . On April 17, 2008 Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai called on South Africa and President Thabo Mbeki to step aside as mediator for Zimbabwe in favor of Zambia's president, who has taken a tougher stance toward Mugabe . Afriforum criticized the decision to approve the arms shipment . Afriforum is a lobbying group representing mainly white South Africans . Afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to Zimbabwe . Kallie kriel of afriforum stated that the South African Government's approval for the transport of the arms across South African territory will in effect mean that the Government is replacing an ineffective policy of silent diplomacy with an even more catastrophic policy of complicity to the State violence and human rights violations committed by the Zimbabwean government against Zimbabwean citizens . The South African Revenue Service stated that the ship would be subject to standard inspection procedures and the cargo would not be released until ithe cargo was proved to be compliant to customs formalities . The approval process can be lengthy . Zimbabwe is a landlocked country neighboring Zimbabwe, .
 The United Nations Security Council is urging increased efforts to keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of terrorist and black marketeers . A resolution adopted unanimously by the United Nations Council on April 25, 2008 calls on all States to fully implement a 2004 resolution that closed a loophole in global efforts to prevent the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons . The resolution requires all 192 United Nations Member States to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-State actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them . The resolution notes that some unnamed countries have not filed a report on efforts to implement the resolution that was due in October 2004 .
 On 080425 the United Nations Security Council unanimously approved a resolution urging increased efforts to keep weapons of mass destruction out of the hands of terrorists and black marketeers . The Security Council resolution calls on all States to fully implement a Security Council resolution adopted in 040400 requiring all 192 United Nation Member States to adopt laws to prevent non-State actors from acquiring nuclear, chemical or biological weapons . The Security Council resolution notes that some unnamed countries have not filed a report on the member nations efforts to adopt these laws . The report was due to the United Nations in 041000 . The 080425 Security Council resolution stresses the need to enhance the coordination of national, regional and international efforts to strengthen a global response to the serious challenge of keeping weapons from terrorists and the threat to international security . The 040400 Security Council resolution was adopted to close a loophole in global efforts to prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . International treaties targeted weapons proliferation by Governments until Resolution 1540 was adopted in 040000 there was no legal instrument to prevent terrorists, criminal scientists, black marketeers and other non-State actors from obtaining weapons of mass destruction . Resolution 1540 was introduced as the International Atomic Energy Agency was investigating a vast black market in nuclear equipment and technology . The black market investigation was encouraged by Pakistan's admission in 040200 that Pakistan's leading nuclear scientist had passed technology to Iran, Libya and North Korea . Pakistan's leading nuclear scientist, was Abdul Qadeer Khan . Resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-State actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them . Resolution 1540 requires all countries to take measures to account for and secure these weapons, missiles and other weapons material . Resolution 1540 also demands that countries develop border controls and step up law enforcement efforts to detect, deter, prevent and combat the illicit trafficking and brokering of weapons of mass destruction . All countries were required to submit a report within 6 months to a Security Council committee monitoring implementation of esolution 1540 . The resolution adopted on 080425 extends the Resolution 1540 Committee's mandate until 110425 and again calls upon all States that have not yet presented a first report on steps the States have taken or intend to take to implement Resolution 1540 to submit such a report to the 1540 Committee without delay . The 080425 resolution emphasizes the importance for all States to fully implement Resolution 1540 . The 080425 resolution also calls on the Resolution 1540 Committee to continue to intensify its efforts to promote the full implementation by all States by reaching out to countries, facilitating technical assistance, and promoting shared experience and lessons learned . The Security Council stated that not all States have presented to the Resolution 1540 Committee the state's national reports on implementation of Resolution 1540 and that the full implementation of Resolution 1540 by all States is a long-term task that will require continuous efforts at national, regional and international levels . The Security Council stated that full implementation of Resolution 1540 by all States includes the adoption of national laws and measures to ensure implementation of the Resolution 1540 inspired national laws . Dumisani Kumalo stated that many developing countries find the reporting requirements for Resolution 1540 and other resolutions onerous when they are trying to provide food, health care and jobs for the people of developing countries . Dumisani Kumalo is the current Security Council president and South Africa's United Nations ambassador . Dumisani Kumalo stated that one of the things that South Africa is happy about is that countries must cooperate in dealing with the networks that may be spreading illict nuclear and other weapons . The 080425 resolution was approved on the day that Mohamed ElBaradei angrily criticized Israel for bombing an alleged Syrian nuclear facility, chastised the United States for withholding information on the alleged Syrian nuclear facility, and stated that the International Atomic Energy Agency would investigate the allegations of the Syrian nuclear facility . Mohamed ElBaradei is the International Atomic Energy Agency chief .
 A leading arms expert stated on 8 May 2008 that Chinese government is making dramatic improvements to China's nuclear arsenal which raises questions for future arms control efforts . Director of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute Bates Gill spoke at a panel for journalists while on a visit to Beijing to promote an annual report on the global arms industry . Gill stated -- . Recent upgrades have increased the accuracy and mobility of China's arsenal while a switch from liquid to solid fuel has shortened reaction times . China stands out due to the effort to modernize, expand and improve nuclear weapons capability . Among the 5 nuclear Powers China is making the most dramatic improvements in nuclear force which raises arms control questions . The Chinese Government stated China will never be the first to use nuclear weapons in a conflict and China's arsenal, estimated at just over 100 nuclear-armed missiles, is the smallest of the 5 main nuclear weapon Powers . Chinese officials signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty in 1992 and gill stated the recent steps are aimed mainly at reducing the vulnerability of China's deterrent force . Gill stated that improvements in China's conventional military are even more dramatic after more than 10 years of double-digit percentage increases in annual defense spending . Gill stated the large increase in the military capability of China is targeted mostly at Taiwan but has the possibility going forward with force projection elsewhere . Taiwan is a self-governing island that China claims is part of China's territory and has threatened to invade . Gill stated that the increase in military capability complicates the issue of China as a player in the arms control agenda and that the Chinese government would need to be engaged in future efforts to cap or reduce numbers of nuclear weapons . Gill praised Beijing officials for decreasing sales of weapons and military technology abroad which Gill believes was largely done out of a desire to be viewed as a more responsible player in international society . According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute China has only a 2 percent share of the global arms export trade . Gill stated that the shift in the way the Chinese government views the problem of nonproliferation is very positive . Gill stated that authorities need to strengthen regulation to prevent weapons from entering conflict zones, particularly in Africa where Chinese arms are used by both government and rebel forces in Sudan's Darfur region . Retired People's Liberation Army Colonel Teng jianqun spoke alongside Gill on the panel and stated that China has substantial restrictions on weapons sales abroad . Teng conceded that some dealers violated the rules and were beyond the Government's direct control . Teng stated that further steps were being taken to boost awareness of the rules, partly through courses for government and defense industry leaders run by the foreign ministry-sponsored China Arms Control and Disarmament Association of which Teng is Deputy Secretary-General . Teng stated a belief that the Chinese have been putting more effort into export controls .
 On 13 May 2008 Japan's powerful lower house of parliament voted to allow Japan's space programs to be utilized for national defense . The legislation is the most recent effort by Japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force . The legislation is expected to be approved by the upper house . The legislation is primarily aimed at permitting military use of Japan's civilian-controlled spy satellite network for defense as defined by the pacifist constitution . The bill states that space development has become increasingly important . The bill states that space programs must contribute to ensure peace and safety of international society as well as the national security of Japan . The bill does not specify how the programs will be utilized but the satellite network and other assets could potentially be used for surveillance, planning and for a missile defense shield Japan is constructing with the United States . The bill would overturn a ban on the military use of space imposed on Japan's nascent space program in 1969 . The U.S.-drafted 1947 Constitution prohibits Japan from offensive warfare . The legislation stipulates that all members of the cabinet and not just education, science and technology ministers will be responsible for Japan's future space projects . Inclusion of the defense minister in decisions on space programs introduces the possibility for the military to possess and develop spy satellites . The legislation would establish a special space task force led by the Prime Minister and create the new post of space development minister . Japan's Defense Agency was upgraded to Ministry status in 2007 . Japanese troops were dispatched to a combat zone for the first time since World War II in 2004 . The mission in Iraq was strictly humanitarian . Support . Both the ruling coalition and the largest opposition party support the bill . The nation's largest newspaper Yomiuri approved of the bill and urged its quick enactment . In a weekend editorial the newspaper Yomiuri stated that it is logical to use space development for national security and necessary to counter the threat of North Korea's missile program . Opposition . Some pacifist lawmakers from the Communist and Social Democratic parties boycotted the vote on 13 May 2008 stating that the bill contradicted the principle of a civilian-controlled space program . The left-leaning newspaper Asahi raised concerns that the legislation could escalate friction with neighboring countries .
 7 NATO allies are prepared to sign a deal on 14 May 2008 to create a research center in Tallinn, Estonia to improve the NATO alliance's defenses against cyber attacks . Cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks . In 2007 Estonia experienced an unprecedented number of cyber attacks that disabled government and corporate computer networks . The attacks occurred after a dispute between the Governments of Russia and Estonia over the relocation of a Soviet war memorial . Many Estonians suspect the Russian government was responsible for the cyber attacks but the Government of Russia denies involvement . Defense chiefs from Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Germany, Italy, Spain and Slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center . The United States will join the project as an observer and other NATO nations may join later . Signing of the Agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of Chiefs of Defense Staff from the 26 ally countries of NATO . The meeting is expected to focus on NATO missions in Afghanistan and Kosovo . The generals will also discuss cooperation with Balkan and former Soviet nations including Russia and Ukraine . The Cyber Defense Center will be operational in August 2008 with the formal opening planned for 2009 . A staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist NATO members with response to any future cyber attacks . Head of the center major Raul rikk stated to the Associated Press in Tallinn -- . The attacks against Estonia last year were cyber terrorism . The mission of the center is to create new capabilities to fight new threats . Experts will be recruited from various NATO member States and from various sectors including information technology, science, military and finance . Estonia is 1 of Europe's most Internet-savvy nations . Estonia proposed creation of the center in 2003 but it was not until after the cyber attacks of 2007 that NATO leaders were convinced it was needed .
 On 14 May 2008 7 NATO allies signed an agreement to fund a research center . The center will bolster NATO's defenses against cyber attacks . The center will be operational in August 2008 . The center will formally open in 2009 . A staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare . NATO CONSIDERS cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks . The research center is based in Tallinn, Estonia . Defense chiefs from Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Germany, Italy, Spain and Slovakia signed the agreement . The agreement will provide staff and funding for the research center . In 2007 the Estonian Government was struck by cyber attacks . The cyber attacks crippled government and corporate computer networks . The cyber attacks were unprecedented . The cyber attacks followed a dispute over the relocation of a Soviet war memorial in Estonia's capital . Many suspect the Kremlin of the cyber attacks . Russia denied involvement with the cyber attacks . NATO's top commander in charge of military modernization U.S. Gen. James Mattis stated -- . NATO will cooperate to bring together the best minds together in cyber defense . NATO cannot say that NATO will not defend the web that everybody needs . The U.S. will join the project as an observer . Other NATO nations may join the project later . At a news conference at the research center Estonian Defense Minister Jaak Aaviksoo stated that -- . Cyber space essentially has no borders . It is difficult to defend the sovereignty of land and sea borders and air space . It is even more complicated in borderless cyber space where there is no smoking gun, fingerprints or footprints . The agreement was signed during a regular meeting of Chiefs of Defense Staff from the 26 NATO allies . Estonia is a Baltic nation .
 On 15 May 2008 the Government of Russia proposed cooperation with India and China to increase security around Afghanistan in order to block drug supplies . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov at a joint news conference in Yekaterinburg with the foreign ministers of India and China stated that tightening security at Afghan borders would decrease the threat of drugs and terrorism . Lavrov's intentions were not immediately clear since neither Russia nor India has a border with Afghanistan and China's border with Afghanistan is only 76 kilometers (45 miles) . Afghanistan's other neighbors are Iran, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan . Afghanistan is 1 of the world's major opium producers and supplies Western markets through transit countries such as Russia . The Government of Russia states that thousands of Russians die from AIDS-related illnesses each year due to abuse of Afghan-sourced heroin with infected needles . Officials in Afghanistan's neighboring countries regularly announce large-scale arrests and seizures of narcotics made after illegal convoys cross the border . Last week drug police in Tajikistan announced their interception of the largest quantity of opium and heroin in Tajikistan's history estimated to be worth approximately 10 million U.S. dollars (6.5 million euro) .
 Russian Federation President Dmitry Medvedev made a debut on May 15, 2008 as commander in chief of the Russian Federation's armed forces by touring a missile base and promising to provide the necessary funding for nuclear forces counter global threats . Dmitry Medvedev examined Topol-M intercontinental ballistic missiles concealed by the military in a dense pine forest and spoke to officers at the base in teikovo . Dmitry Medvedev was impressed by the weapons and the level of training . Dmitry Medvedev also stated that it is good that the military is getting new missiles like the Topol-M . Missiles from the base in teikovo took part in the Victory Day parade on May 9, 2008 when Russia displayed the country's military hardware on Red Square in Moscow for the first time since the Soviet collapse . Dmitry Medvedev experienced motivation while watching the missiles across the square and promised that such parades will continue and may be expanded in the future . Dmitry Medvedev stated that the Russian Federation's task for the next few years is to make sure that the Strategic Missile Forces receive the necessary funding to respond to modern threats . Dmitry Medvedev also stated that certain progress has been made recently and that the speed of progress must not be lost . Dmitry Medvedev promised to raise officers' salaries . Dmitry Medvedev was sworn in on May 7, 2008 as the Russian Federation's President and has so far portrayed an image of a liberal and avoided the harsh anti-western rhetoric of Vladimir Putin . Vladimir Putin was Dmitry Medvedev's predecessor and mentor . Most observers expect Dmitry Medvedev to continue the policies of Vladimir Putin, such as an assertive posture on the international scene and vow to strengthen the military . Teikovo is a small town in the Ivanovo region about 250 kilometers or 155 miles northeast of Moscow . Vladimir Putin fiercely opposed the United States' plans to deploy missile defense sites in Poland and the Czech Republic, and NATO's plans to accept into the alliance Russia's ex-Soviet neighbors, Ukraine and Georgia . Vladimir Putin has threatened to point nuclear missiles at countries that take part in U.S. missile defense and opted out of a key Soviet-era arms control treaty . Topol-M missiles are capable of hitting targets more than 10000 kilometers or 6000 miles away . The missiles are deployed in both silo-based and truck-mounted versions . Strategic missiles forces chief General Nikolai Solovtsov stated that the Topol-M is a new step in missile design . Vladimir Putin and other officials have boasted about the Topol-M's ability to penetrate any prospective missile defense . Yuri solomonov designed the missile and stated that the missile drops engines at a significantly lower altitude than earlier designs which makes it hard for an enemy's early warning system to detect the launch . Yuri solomonov stated that the missiles' warhead and decoys closely resemble one another in flight, making it very difficult for a foe to select the real target from a multitude of false ones . Deployment of topol=ms has proceeded slowly . Large oil revenues in recent years have allowed the Government of the Russia Federation to buy weapons and fund the development of new missiles . Soviet-built ballistic missiles have remained the backbone of the nation's nuclear forces . The Navy of the Russian Federation is in poor shape . Soviet-built nuclear submarines frequently need repairs and rarely leave the bases . The Yuri dolgoruky is the first in a series of new nuclear submarines to be commissioned this year but the bulava nuclear-armed missile developed to equip the submarine has failed tests and the deployment prospects are uncertain .
 20080710 director of the London-based International Institute for Strategic Studies's non-proliferation program and former US State Department official Mark Fitzpatrick stated that an Iranian photograph showing a cluster of missile launches from a desert range was altered to add a 4th missile . The image was posted 20080709 on the Sepah news site, which is run by Iran's Revolutionary Guards . 20080710 the image was replaced with an image of the same 3 missiles in the previous photo but in place of the 4th missile is a grounded missile and what appears to be a vehicle nearby . 20080710 the image with 4 launches was absent from Sepah's main page but both images were in the archive . Fitzpatrick stated that the photo was probably manipulated to obscure the failure of the 4th missile in order to maintain the impact of Iran's demonstration of power . Iranian officials did not immediately comment on the photos . The image was described as depicting part of military maneuvers in which nine missiles were test fired, including an enhanced version of the Shahab-3 . Iranian officials stated that the enhanced Shahab-3 missile has a range of 1250 miles and thus could reach Israel and the majority of the Middle East . The US government immediately criticized the missile test .
 On 080713 43 nations agreed to work toward zone free of weapons of mass destruction in Middle East . The nations involved in the agreement included Israel and Arab States . A final declaration from a summit launching the Union for the Mediterranean states that the members of the Union for the Mediterranean States will pursue a mutually and effectively verifiable Middle East zone free of weapons of mass destruction . The Union for the Mediterranean States stated that weapons of mass destruction included nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, as well as the weapons delivery systems . The Union for the Mediterranean States stated that the Union for the Mediterranean States member countries will consider practical steps to prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . Signatories to the final declaration from the Summit launching the Union for the Mediterranean States included Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and leaders from Syria, other Middle Eastern countries, North Africa and Europe . Israel is widely believed to have a stockpile of nuclear weapons . The Government of Israel's official stated policy neither confirms nor denies if Israel possesses nuclear bombs . Israel's official stated nuclear weapons policy is called nuclear ambiguity . The question of nuclear weapons in the Middle East region is particularly sensitive lately due to tensions between Israel and Iran . The United States and the allies of the United States believe Iran is pursuing nuclear arms . The Iranian government maintains that Iran's uranium enrichment activities are for nuclear energy production . The Iranian government has defied U.N. Security Council demands that Iran suspends the enrichment of uranium .
 On 17 July 2008 Austrian French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner told members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe that -- . A key European arms control treaty must be maintained . The Treaty is a major instrument of transparency . The arms control treaty limits the number of conventional weapons that can be deployed west of the Ural Mountains . The Ural Mountains are on the edge of European Russia . Russia suspended participation in the arms control treaty late last year because NATO countries had not ratified a revised version of the Treaty . The treat was originally signed in 1990 .
 The Russian Prosecutor General's Office stated on 17 July 2008 that the founder of a Russian company involved in trade with Iran has been charged with trying to smuggle a metal that can be used for weapons of mass destruction or delivery systems to the Islamic Republic . The Prosecutor General's Office said in a statement -- . Prosecutors in southern Russia's Astrakhan region across the Caspian Sea from Iran have sent the case against ANAR Godzhayev to court . The metal in question is tantalum . Tantalum can be used in the production of chemical processing equipment, nuclear reactors and missile parts and is subject to export restrictions under Russian law . Tantalum powder is a super-grade chemical and can be used in the manufacture of mobile phones, personal computers, motor vehicles and electronics goods . Prosecutors have stated that Godzhayev lied about the contents of an outgoing shipment in customs documents after a business partner asked Godzhayev to send more than a ton of materials containing tantalum to Iran in July 2007 . Godzhayev was detained after customs officials checked the shipment in a container on a boat due to leave for Iran . Godzhayev is a citizen of Uzbekistan and could face trial soon . Godzhayev could be sentenced to 7 years in prison if convicted . Godzhayev is being held in Astrakhan . Godzhayev and Godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment . The Russian government support Iran's right to nuclear energy and is building Iran's first nuclear power plant . The Russian government has stated there is no evidence proving claims by the U.S. and other Western countries that the Iranian government is seeking to develop nuclear weapons . Officials in Moscow are involved in international efforts to persuade the Iranian government to ease fears by abandoning uranium enrichment . The Russian government has also questioned U.S. assessments of the potential threat from Iranian missiles . Russian and United States leaders have maintained cooperation in efforts to thwart the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
 The U.N. stated on 28 July 2008 that the international community should do more to stop chemicals used to convert opium to heroin from reaching Afghanistan and detailed increasing sophistication in Afghanistan's drug trade . Afghanistan produces more than 90 percent of the world's opium . Opium production in Afghanistan has increased since the U.S.-led invasion removed the Taliban regime in 2001 . Officials in the American-backed government and Taliban militants are believed to profit from the illicit trade . U.N. figures show Afghanistan yielded approximately 9000 tons of opium in 2007 which could create more than 900 tons of heroin . Afghanistan's representative for the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime Christina Oguz stated the conversion of opium resin into heroin is increasingly being done inside Afghanistan mostly at laboratories in the border regions in the insurgency-plagued South and the East . Oguz stated to reporters in Kabul that evidence of higher quality Afghan heroin indicates that the people running the labs are getting assistance from chemists who have come from outside the country as foreign consultants . Oguz stated the chemists originated from countries near the border but did not detail specific countries . Oguz stated the chemicals needed to make the heroin were being smuggled from China, South Korea, European countries, including Russia, and other parts of the world . Oguz stated the so-called precursor chemicals such as acetic anhydride also have legal uses including in the paint and pharmaceutical industries . Oguz stated the chemicals often are legally exported but later diverted to Afghanistan for illicit goals and Afghanistan has no major legal industries that would require such chemicals . Oguz stated -- . Blaming Afghanistan alone for the heroin problem in the world is not correct . Afghanistan does produce the opium which is the raw material for heroin but it is not possible to make heroin without certain chemicals that are not produced inside Afghanistan and are smuggled into Afghanistan . More than 200 tons of the chemicals have been seized by Afghan authorities since 2006 but some 13000 tons were needed based on 2007's opium production figures . The figures suggest the confiscated amount represented a small fraction of the total smuggled in . Most seizures of the chemicals occur along the eastern border with Pakistan but a good deal comes via the western border with Iran . Oguz stated the international community should share more information on known smugglers of the chemicals who were long-established and based in Afghanistan's neighboring countries . Western officials are increasingly concerned that Taliban militants are bankrolling the insurgency through the drug trade . The U.N. briefing comes in the wake of allegations that Afghan President Hamid Karzai protected drug lords for political reasons . A former senior U.S. State Department counter-narcotics official wrote in an article in the 27 July 2008 issue of New York Times magazine that narco-corruption went to the top of the Afghan Government . The official alleged Karzai was reluctant to move against big drug lords in Karzai's political power base in the south of Afghanistan where most opium is produced . Karzai has stated commitment to eliminating corruption and battling the drug trade . Oguz stated on 28 July 2008 that corruption exists within the system but Afghanistan lacked a well-trained police force for many years and officials are only now taking steps in fighting corruption .
 On 25 August 2008 Afghanistan's Interior Ministry announced in a statement that -- . Afghanistan's counter-narcotic police confiscated 1.2 metric tons (1.3 tons) of opium during a raid in southern Afghanistan . The 1.2 metric tons of opium was seized on 19 August 2008 in Marjah district of Helmand province . 3 smugglers were detained . In 2007 Afghanistan accounted for 93 percent of global opium supply . Helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium . In 2007 Afghanistan produced 8200 metric tons (9000 tons) of opium . Opium is the main ingredient in heroin production . The multibillion-dollar opium trade helps fund the Taliban-led insurgency . The multibillion-dollar opium trade may finance corrupt government officials .
 Officials stated on August 26, 2008 that Estonia is temporarily hosting the websites of Georgia's Central Bank and Foreign Ministry as well as a Georgian English-languages news portal in order to protect the websites from cyber attacks . The state-run Estonian informatics Center stated that Georgia has transferred key websites to services in other countries including Poland and France after some came under attack following the outbreak of war with Russia . Estonian informatics center spokeswoman Katrin pargmae stated that hosting websites in different countries makes the websites more complicated and time-consuming for hackers to disrupt . Katrin pargmae also stated that hosting the websites will help Georgia's webpages be visible to the world . Katrin pargmae did not comment on the Georgian attacks . Estonia has previous experience coping with cyber attacks because Estonian government and private sector websites were targeted in May 2007 . The May 2007 attacks were days after Estonia decided to relocate a Soviet war memorial and grave . The relocation angered Estonia's ethnic Russian minority and neighboring Russia . Estonian officials did not accuse any country of mounting what the Estonian Government stated were highly organized and professional attacks . Estonia is a Baltic state .
 The European Union's highest court on September 3, 2008 overturned a 2001 decision by European Union governments to freeze the assets of a Saudi businessman and a Sweden-based charity suspected of funding Al-Qaida terror groups . The ruling conflicts with a United Nations anti-terror order obliging United Nations Member States to freeze assets of people and entities suspected of funding terror groups . The European Union's highest court also stated that the United Nations order failed to offer individuals on a terror blacklist or individuals on the defense any legal rights to a judicial review under European law . The European Union's highest court acknowledged that the reasons for freezing the assets of Yasin Al-Qadi and the Al-Barakaat International Foundation may be justified . It is not known whether European Union nations which have set up a joint terror blacklist will unfreeze the assets . None of the groups have so far been officially removed from the blacklist because European Union Governments argue the court rulings do not oblige the European Union nations to remove the names from the list but only force the European Union to inform the individuals and groups on the list that the assets have been frozen . Head of the Saudi-based Muwafaq Foundation Yasin Al-Qadi appealed against the European Union's decision to freeze proprietary assets . United States Treasury officials allege the Muwafaq Foundation is an al-Qaida Front used to funnel millions of dollars and euros to al-Qaida . Al-Barakaat International appealed the European Union's decision to freeze 1 million Swedish kroner or 152247 United States dollars . Lawyers for Al-Barakaat International stated that the money was being used to fund aid programs for families in Somalia . Thomas Olsson stated that the lawyers for Al-Barakaat International would now examine ways of having the assets released to the Somali immigrants in Sweden who used the network to send funds to relatives in Somalia . Thomas Olsson also stated that the lawyers for Al-Barakaat International have to examine the judicial consequences of the verdict as the sanctions remain on a United Nations level . The European Union's highest court stated on September 3, 2008 that the 27-nation European Union is required to inform any person whose assets are being frozen why as swiftly as possible after the decision is taken in order to allow the person with frozen assets the right to legal recourse . Swedish lawyer Thomas Olsson who represented Al-Barakaat in the case approved of the ruling . This ruling may hinder international efforts to stop the financing of terror groups including al-Qaida . The ruling overturns an earlier 2005 European Union court decision that rejected the appeals of Al-Qadi and the Al-Barakaat international foundation . The ruling stated that the lower European Union's court judgment erred in law by stating that European Union courts had no jurisdiction to review the legality of the contested order to freeze assets of individuals and groups deemed to be funding terror groups by the United Nations . Other suspects and groups on an European Union terror blacklist have also won legal victories for similar reasons against being listed . These suspects and groups have so far not had assets unfrozen or names removed from the European Union's blacklist . The European Union's High Court had previously overturned an European Union decision to freeze the assets of the People's Mujahadeen of Iran . The People's Mujahadeen of Iran is an exiled Iranian Resistance movement that is on the European Union's terror blacklist . The European Union's High Court recently overturned a decision to freeze the assets of an exiled Philippine rebel leader and the Netherlands-based Al-Aqsa Foundation because the leader and group were not informed why the assets were frozen which is a breach of EU law . 370 people have had assets frozen because of placement on a terrorist blacklist by the United Nations Security Council . The European Union's blacklist also targets about 60 organizations .
 Brazil's Strategic Affairs Minister Roberto mangabeira Unger stated on 3 September 2008 that Brazilian government plans to rebuild Brazil's weapons industry with the help of technology developed in other countries . Unger stated Brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including Russia and France to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry . Unger stated such technology transfers would involve a significant element of Research and Development in Brazil . Unger stated the week of 24 August 2008 that the Brazilian Government is considering a significant increase in defense spending which currently stands at 1.5 percent of gross domestic product . Brazil's GDP was approximately 1.5 trillion US dollars in 2007 .
 Swedish Prosecutor Ronnie Jacobsson stated on September 9, 2008 that charges will not be pressed against the 3 Swedes arrested on suspicion of funding terrorism earlier in 2008 . The charges are being dropped because Ronnie jaccobson cannot provide that the men had intended to send money to terrorist organizations . The Swedes were accused of using the informal money transfer networks called hawalas to send funds to alleged terror groups in Somalia . The 3 Swedes were arrested in raids in Stockholm in February . The raid was coordinated with a crackdown in Norway where another 3 suspects were arrested on similar grounds . Ronnie Jacobsson stated that the Norwegian investigation is still ongoing . The 3 Swedes are 30 or 40 years old . Hawalas are a paperless system based on trust and oral agreements which is commonly used in the Middle East and parts of Asia and Africa . Defense lawyer Thomas Olsson stated it was very tragic and a failure for Swedish law and order that the client Thomas Olsson was representing had been kept in detention for such a long time despite the weak evidence against client . 2 of the men were held for more than 3 months before being released at the start of the summer of 2008 . Ronnie Jacobsson stated that a court had examined the detention order every 2 weeks and found there was reason to keep the men detained . Both Norway and Sweden have been spared violent terror acts but authorities in both countries have voiced concern about terrorists or terror financiers operating out of Scandinavia . In 2005 2 Iraqis were sentenced to prison in Sweden for collecting and transferring money to terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is the late leader of al-Qaida in Iraq .
 President Dmitry Medvedev has ordered an upgrade of the Russian Federation's nuclear deterrent and the modernization of Russian armed forces . This upgrade includes plans to build a new air and space defense network and to begin large-scale production of warships including nuclear submarines . President Dmitry Medvedev stated that the Russian Federation must make the modernization of the military a priority in light of the recent war with Georgia . President Dmitry Medvedev made this statement on September 26, 2008 during a meeting with officers after military exercises in the southern Orenburg region . President Dmitry Medvedev's statement was posted on the Kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies . President Dmitry Medvedev stated that the Russian army must be modernized by 2020 . President Dmitry Medvedev has given military commanders until December 2008 to come up with a plan .
 Russian president Dmitry Medvedev stated on 26 September 2008 that the Russian military must modernize armed forces and upgrade nuclear deterrent by building a new air and space defense network . Medvedev also announced plans to begin large-scale production of warships including nuclear-powered submarines armed with cruise missiles . Medvedev issued the statement to military commanders after military exercises in the southern Orenburg region . The statement was posted on the Kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies . Medvedev stated -- . The need for modernization was demonstrated by the military conflict with Georgia in August 2008 . Russian military responded to Georgia's attack on the breakaway region of South Ossetia with force and defeated the Georgian army but the brief war highlighted Russia's aging arsenal . The Russian military must ensure superiority in the air, in carrying out precision strikes at land and sea targets and in the timely deployment of forces . Russia must have a guaranteed nuclear deterrent system in place by 2020 and gave military commanders until December 2008 to devise a plan . The Russian military needs multi-purpose attack submarines and nuclear-powered submarines armed with cruise missiles . Medvedev did not mention the new borei-class nuclear submarines which are designed to carry a new intercontinental missile that is seen as a key future component of Russia's nuclear forces . The missile was successfully test fired the week of 14 September 2008 after several failures . The first of the new submarines is to be commissioned later in 2008 and 2 more are being built . Russia's economic problems after the 1991 Soviet collapse affected the armed forces but the Kremlin has recently been directing more money from oil profits into new weapons systems .
 The Dutch Foreign Ministry said on 081020 that a Dutch government investigation has found that a Russian cluster bomb killed a television cameraman in Georgia in 070000 . Dutchman Stan Storiman died during the conflict over the breakaway province of South Ossetia while filming the fighting in Gori, Georgia . Storimans was killed while filming on a large and nearly deserted square in Gori . Reporter Jeroen Akkermans said several Georgian civilians died in the same attack . Akkermans was working with Storimans and suffered minor injuries . Storimans was a veteran newsman employed by RTL Nieuws . RTL Nieuws is ultimately owned by German media conglomerate Bertelsmann AG . The Dutch foreign ministry said a Dutch investigative team sent to the spot 2 weeks later to gather forensic evidence and eyewitness accounts concluded Storimans was killed by a munition propelled by a type of rocket that is only found in Russia's military arsenal . Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen called the findings very serious . Verhagen said in a statement that Verhagen had made that clear to the Russian authorities cluster munitions must not be used in this way . There were no troops present in Gori and innocent civilians were killed . The Russian government denied using cluster munitions during its brief war with Georgia in 070800 . Human rights groups say both sides unleashed the widely denounced weapons . The georgiann Government has acknowledged using used ground-launched cluster munitions near the roki tunnel connecting South Ossetia with Russia . Verhagen said the Netherlands Government plans to raise the matter with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe addresses arms control issues and includes both Russia and Georgia as members . The Dutch Foreign Ministry said Dutch government representatives will call for a political statement to be issued in which Member States pledge not to use cluster weapons in situations of this kind . Cluster bomblets are packed into artillery shells or bombs dropped from aircraft . A single container typically scatters some 200 to 600 of the mini-explosives over an area the size of a football field . Cluster bomblets have been criticized by human rights groups because they kill indiscriminately and because unexploded ordinance poses a threat to civilians similar to that of land mines . More than 100 countries agreed in Dublin, Ireland, in 080500 to ban cluster bombs within 8 years . Neither the Georgian nor Russian Governments signed the accord .
 A Paris Criminal Court convicted nine people on October 23, 2008 . This included a French-Algerian former prison inmate who admitted establishing an Islamic group that called for armed Jihad in France . Safe Bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison . Eight others received penalties of one to nine years on charges linked to financing of and association with a terror group . Bourada admitted in court to creating a militant group called Ansar Al-Fath or partisans of victory . The group was suspected of planning attacks on the Paris metro and Orly airport . It was dismantled in 2005 after French authorities received a tip from Algerian counterparts . Bourada was one of 36 Islamic militants convicted ten years ago for providing support for bombings that terrorized France in 1995 . Bourada received a 10-year term, but won early release in 2003 under police surveillance . Bourada will not be eligible for parole for at least 10 years under the October 23, 2008 verdict . Head of the counter-terrorism unit of the National Police Christophe chaboud told the Associated Press in 2005 that the group had had indirect contacts with Iraq's former al-Qaida leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was killed in a U.S. airstrike in June 2006 in Diyala province . The court ruled that group member Kaci ouarab had received weapons training in Lebanon in 2005 that was designed to help carry out bombings in France . Ouarab was sentenced to nine years without the possibility of parole for at least six . The Court considered ouarab to be the natural, legitimate and operational successor of Bourada . Kais Melliti was considered an important organizing and financial operative . Melliti was given eight years without the possibility of parole for at least two-thirds of that term . Djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years . The court ruled badaoui was in charge of seizing goods by extorting money from prostitutes on three occasions to fund terror attacks . Stephane hadoux and Emmanuel Nieto were given three-year sentences . Half were suspended by the court . The two are French converts to Islam .
 Britain and 6 other nations supporting an unprecedented treaty regulating the global arms trade won an overwhelming endorsement from the United Nations General Assembly on 081031 to move forward with the creation of the treaty regulating the global arms trade despite opposition from the United States . 147 of the United Nations's 192 member nations voted on 081031 to move ahead with crafting the proposed arms trade treaty . Most of the nations that did not vote to move ahead with crafting the proposed arms trade treat abstained from 081031 vote . China abstained from the 081031 vote . Only the United States and Zimbabwe voted against moving ahead with the treaty regulating the global arms trade . The United States and Zimbabwe were bitter opponents in 080700 concerning the United States-proposed sanctions on Zimbabwe's leaders that were vetoed by Russia and China . Proponents of the treaty regulating the global arms trade stated that they hope to craft and adopt a treaty within 3 to 5 years with the aim of imposing controls on an international arms trade that contributes to the killing of more than 1000 people a day . Great Britain, Japan, Australia, Argentina, Costa Rica, Kenya and Finland have been leading proponents of the treaty regulating the global arms trade . Great Britain is a 3 billion United States dollar per year arms exporter . The treaty regulating the global arms trade would apply only to arms sales among nations and not commercial sales involving individuals . Decisions would require a simple majority . John Duncan stated that the treaty regulating the global arms trade has to be as universal as possible and that some the countries are arms manufacturers and that all nations are arms suppliers at one stage or another . John Duncan stated that it is by closing loopholes that nations can stop arms distribution into the hands of criminals and terrorists . John Duncan is Great Britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament . The United States favors language contained in some of the negotiating documents about treaty regulating the global arms trade that require consensus decisions that essentially give the United States and other nations veto power . The United States diplomat Christina Rocca stated that the only way to achieve a balanced and effective international mechanism for controlling trade in conventional arms is to proceed on a consensus basis . Christina Rocca made this statement to other nations assembled for the vote on moving ahead with the treaty regulating the global arms trade . In 061200 the United States cast the sole dissenting vote when 153 nations voted in support of considering the creation of a treaty regulating the global arms trade . The 061200 vote set in motion the process of considering an arms trade treaty . That process included meetings from 071031 to 081031 among a group of experts that recommended items for consideration that included the consensus language . The 081031 vote will move forward arms trade treaty discussions toward the specifics of the possible language of the arms trade treaty . Christina Rocca stated that the United States supports the goal of promoting responsibility in arms transfers and reducing the destabilizing trade in illicit arms . Christina Rocca stated that the United States does not believe a global arms trade treaty would accomplish the promotion of responsibility in arms transfers and the reduction of the destabilizing trade in illicit arms . Christina Rocca stated that the only way to convince all major arms exporting countries to sign on to the arms trade treaty would be to weaken the arms trade treaty provisions and a weak arms trade treaty would legitimize an international standard based on a lowest common denominator that would not address the problem of illicit and irresponsible arms transfers .
 Iranian state television stated that Iranian police have killed 4 drug smugglers and have confiscated more than 1 ton of opium . Iranian state television reported the event on 081118 . Iranian state television stated that the conflict between the Iranian police and the drug smugglers took place near the town of mirjaveh . The town of mirjaveh is located approximately 950 miles southeast of Tehran near the Iranian border with Afghanistan and Pakistan . Iranian state television stated that Iranian police have seized about 1.6 metric tons of opium . The area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between Iranian police and drug smugglers . Iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between Afghanistan and Europe, as well as the Persian Gulf States . Iran Burns more than 60 tons of seized narcotics per year as a symbol of Iran's determination to fight drugs .
 A 081121 report by the International Campaign to Ban Landmines said Greece, Turkey and Belarus have missed deadlines that were required under an international treaty to destroy their land mine stockpiles . Diplomats from Greece, Turkey and Belarus declined to be interviewed about the report in Geneva . The report quoted the Governments of Greece, Turkey and Belarus as acknowledging that the deadlines have been missed . Greece, Turkey and Belarus should have destroyed a total of nearly 7.5 million land mines by 080300 . The 1155-page annual report by the International Campaign to Ban Landmines said Greece mentioned legal problems with contracting a company to carry out the destruction and the difficulty of finding environmentally safe destruction sites as reasons for the delay . Turkey's government claimed preparations for getting rid of Turkish stockpiles took longer than planned . Belarus said there were delays in receiving support funds from the European Union . Belarus said remaining stockpiles contains a type of mine that is more difficult and costly to destroy . Arms Control director of New York-based Human Rights Watch Steve Goose said Greece, Turkey and Belarus will not face sanctions for missing their deadlines . Human Rights Watch helped produce the report . The report said only 500000 mines were destroyed worldwide over the past year but said Afghanistan, Burundi and Sudan got rid of all of stockpiles respectively . The report said the number of destroyed stockpiled mines since the treaty to ban land mines came into force in 990000 has been brought to more than 42 million but that 44 countries still have 176 million mines . All of the 156 countries that have joined the Treaty are given 4 years to destroy their stockpiles . Major users of land mines such as the U.S., Russia and China have not signed the Treaty . The report said more than 1400 people were killed and 3900 wounded by land mine explosions worldwide in 070000 and added the number may be much higher because reporting is poor in many countries . The International Campaign to Ban Landmines won the Nobel Peace Prize in 970000 .
 A judge in Mexico charged the alleged owner of the mapaches Mexican football club and 4 other team members with drug trafficking . On 25 November 2008 the Mexican Federal Attorney General's office said in a statement that Wenceslao Alvarez was the leader of a group that trafficked cocaine and marijuana from Colombia to Atlanta in the U.S. . The Attorney General's office stated that the 5 people charged worked for the the Mexican State of Michoacan's infamous gang la Familia . The group members were taken into custody in October 2008 at the aguilas del America training facility in Mexico City . The group members have been under house arrest but will be transferred soon to a prison . The mapaches Football Club was expelled from the League by the Mexican football federation in October 2008 for alleged ties to drug traffickers . Alvarez was believed to own the 3rd-division mapaches football club in Michoacan .
 A report published on 27 November 2008 stated Britain is vulnerable to terrorists operating out of weak States where terrorists can run training camps and raise funds undetected . The report was co-authored by former NATO chief George Robertson and published by international think tank the Institute for Public Policy Research . The report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to Britain's national security as the States could provide bases for terrorists . The countries include Haiti, Nigeria, Somalia and Yemen and have vulnerable Governments that are unwilling or unable to control the territories . The report's authors stated criminal groups that fund terrorist organizations through drug trafficking and manufacturing counterfeit goods can operate in weak States without being detected . Terrorists who raise funds in these States could then coordinate an attack on Britain . The report stated transnational terrorists have discovered that the global space is largely unregulated with the rule of law either weak or nonexistent and is a place where terrorists can operate with a reasonable prospect of impunity as in the mountains of Afghanistan before 9/11 . Deputy Director of the ippr and 1 of the report's authors Ian kearns stated terrorists could run camps in remote areas which Governments rarely monitor . Kearns referenced terrorist training camps in the Sahel which is a region of sub-Saharan Africa that runs though several countries including Mali, Chad and Sudan . Kearns stated that these remote areas are impossible to patrol and any activity could go undetected . The report stated British government must help to stabilize weak states and push for international regulations that would stop terrorists using freely available information to create and unleash new forms of biological warfare such as a modified version of the influenza virus . Kearns stated the Government must take a multilateral approach to areas including biotechnology but that the government is not moving quickly enough on the approach . Kearns stated the global financial crisis shows the results of not having multilateral frameworks in place to deal with international issues .
 Another 6 foreign companies entered into 7 cooperation agreements with local Taiwanese companies in a high-profile ceremony in Taipei on 031021 . The event was timed to coincide with the final day of the 030000 Taiwan Business Alliance conference . Vice Minister of Economics Shih yen-shiang participating . Specific companies entering cooperation agreements . Japanese company access signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Institute for Information Industry . Access agreed to transfer technology on mobile phone services to Taiwan phone operators . The pact will make Taiwan the base for research and development activities for access . South Korea's NC soft signed a joint venture with Taiwan's gamania to cooperate in the online game business . NC soft is South Korea's largest online game maker . Italian company Morini Franco motori and Taiwan Golden Bee agreed to set up a joint venture to produce motorcycle engines . The technology transfer will upgrade the research, development and production of Taiwanese motorcycle-makers . Analysts expect that products worth NT $10 billion will be produced in the next decade . The Itochu group from Japan contracted with Taiwan's emtac technology to jointly promote the sales of emtac's products overseas, including GPS antennas . Itochu has at present already brokered purchase deals for foreign buyers of emtac's products worth NT $150 million (US $4.41 million) . Itochu has promised to assist emtac in importing and developing key parts and is prepared to invest in emtac in the future . U.S.-based Pharmaessentia will cooperate with Taiwan's genovate biotechnology to develop, design, manufacture and sell drugs designed to fight cancer, high blood pressure and asthma . Pharmaessentia also concluded an agreement with the Taiwanese company Synmosa Biopharma to grant each other preferential status in mutual cooperation efforts . Pharmaessentia and Synmosa Biopharma agreed to jointly develop products that use mainly raw materials produced by Pharmaessentia and which comply with U.S. market standards . Pharmaessentia and Synmosa Biopharma will separately sell those products in the Asian and U.S. markets respectively . AMERICAN COMPANY ryss laboratory's Taiwan subsidiary and Taiwan's pharmaceutical industry technology and development center concluded an agreement to exchange technology and combine their strengths for the research and manufacturing of new drugs to upgrade domestic pharmaceutical manufacturing standards . The pharmaceutical industry technology and development center is devoted to the research and development of pharmaceuticals and other life sciences products .
 Taiwanese Vice President Annette Lu warned on 040212 that the transfer of European technology to the People's Republic of China could encourage the PRC government to invade Taiwan . Lu noted that the European Union adopted a resolution to ban arms sales to mainland China after the Tiananmen massacre of 890000 and said it is worrisome that the leaders of France and Germany are reportedly seeking to lift the ban following years of commercial interest enticements by the PRC government . Lu expressed concern that European advanced technology will be transferred to the mainland and added that such transfers would be helpful for the PRC government's military buildup and will therefore encourage an invasion of Taiwan by the mainland . Lu said that the government of mainland China has tried to isolate Taiwan diplomatically and has been increasing its military buildup against Taiwan . Lu said the PRC government has deployed around 500 missiles targeting Taiwan and the number of missiles deployed is expected to increase to 650 next year . Lu described the PRC government as a real international terrorist because of the threat of missiles aimed at Taiwan and the PRC's preparations to invade Taiwan . Lu added that this is why Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian called for a peace referendum for 040320 alongside the Taiwanese presidential election . Lu said European nations should not join the PRC government in opposing Taiwan's planned referendum . Lu said that Taiwan is not a part of the People's Republic of China and has maintained substantive relations with almost all countries around the world even though most of them do not have diplomatic relations with Taiwan . Taiwan has never ceased making efforts to participate in international activities and has made great contributions to global development despite being refused membership by many international organizations . Lu's remarks were made at Taiwan's presidential office while receiving the mayor of the Austrian city of Innsbruck Hilde Zach . Zach arrived in Taipei Tuesday for a 6-day visit at the invitation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Zach hopes to gain a better understanding of Taiwan's development in the political, economic, cultural and tourism fields .
 A delegation of Taiwanese legislators completed an 11-day fact-finding trip to the United States . The Taiwan Executive Yuan submitted a NT $610.8 billion (US $18.23 billion) special budget to buy 388 Patriot PAC-III missiles, 8 conventional submarines and 12 P-3 C anti-submarine aircraft from the United States earlier this month . The budget is now pending approval by the Legislative Yuan . Ker Chien-ming, the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) whip at the Taiwan legislature said on 040628 that discussions are turning negative in regard to whether the China Shipbuilding Corp. (CSBC) should take part in the construction of submarines which the United States has promised to sell to Taiwan . Navy Commander-in-Chief Miao Yung-Ching called on the Legislative Yuan to communicate on the review of the arms procurement budget of which the submarine deal is a part . Miao said it is not feasible for CSBC to take part in the construction of the submarines and that the Navy will negotiate with the United States on obtaining repair capacity and technology transfers . Miao said that no countries want to buy conventional submarines . This would make it futile to give the CSBC the capacity to build them . The United States has control of the key technology in building the submarines . Lee Wen-chung is another DPP legislator who has been involved . Lee said on 040628 that the delegation asked the United States to shorten the delivery period of the submarines from 15 years to 10 years . This indicates that Taiwan has already given up the policy of building the submarines itself . Lee said that if the submarines are not built by Taiwan then the cost of the eight subs will be NT $100 billion less than the original plan of NT $400 billion . Lee's figures were based on the price tags of submarines sold from Germany and Spain along with the cost of obtaining repair capacity . Lee was asked if the long delivery period of 10 years might affect Taiwan's military strength and tip the military cross-Taiwan Strait balance toward mainland China after 050000 . Lee answered that any possible naval military balance tilting toward the PRC after 050000 would not mean an eruption of war at that time . Lee claimed that Taiwan still enjoys the edge in the air . Lee added that an order of Kidd-class destroyers due to arrive at Taiwan by the end of next year would allow Taiwan to still maintain its edge . Lee also said that the United States will deliver the first 5 of 12 P-3 C aircraft in 080000, with another 3 in 090000, 4 in 100000 and the final 4 in 110000 .
 Mainland Affairs Council Chairman and Taiwan's top China policy planner Joseph Wu stated on March 4, 2007 that China's substantial military budget increase of 17.8 percent reveals an attempt at achieving global dominance . Joseph Wu made his statement after China made public the Chinese draft budget bill for 2007 . Joseph Wu stated that China is attempting to achieve global dominance because the significant budget increase, the lack of transparency in military buildup, the rapid expansion of air and naval forces, and progress in space defense technology suggests an attempt at global dominance . Joseph Wu stated that China's annual military spending has experienced double-digit growth since 1993 . Joseph Wu also stated that growth in China's military expenditure is not expected to slow down in the foreseeable future but will instead accelerate and become a long-term trend . Joseph Wu stated that China's continued military budget growth deserves global attention and concern because there is no apparent threat and no potential future threat to China's security in sight . Joseph Wu stated that China's threat to Taiwan and other neighboring Asia-Pacific countries is rising . Joseph Wu and Western military experts stated that China's actual military budget is about 3 times the officially declared figure . Joseph Wu stated that Taiwan's plan to procure 3 expensive weaponry systems, 8 diesel-electric submarines, 6 Patriot PAC III anti-missile batteries and a squadron of 12 P-3 C anti-submarine aircraft is aimed at strengthening the defense capability of Taiwan in light of China's military buildup .
 China's Council of agriculture (COA) Deputy Minister Lee Jen-chyuan stated that the COA under the Executive Yuan opened a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights (IPR) management and consultancy on 28 January 2008 . Lee stated that the establishment of the Agricultural Technology Promotion Agency will help increase the total amount of technological transfer contracts through 2011 to 500 million new Taiwan dollars (15.46 million US dollars) . Lee stated that the COA has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of China's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology . Lee stated -- . The COA successfully promoted a total of 139 applications for technological transfer and intellectual property rights in 2007 which is an increase of 50 percent from the average of 90 cases per year from 2002 to 2006 . The total income derived from technological transfers conducted through the Council's efforts amounted to 47.25 million NT dollars which is an increase of 50 percent from the average of 12.93 million NT dollars per year for the 2002-2006 period . Lee stated that the COA will commission the Industrial Technology Research Institute (Itri) to carry out a special project on the management and application of agricultural R & D achievements in order to upgrade agricultural technology research and development, protection, management and applications . An Itri official stated that the Agricultural Technology Promotion Office will cooperate with world-renowned IPR application institutions to push for revising the relevant regulations on IPR and technological transfers and to enhance IPR education and training . The Itri official stated that the Office will serve as a platform to introduce various R & D achievements realized by experimental and research institutes under the COA to local businesses in an attempt to expand the application of agricultural technology .
 The Ministry of Economic Affairs (moea) gave preliminary approval to 2 major China-bound investment projects at a review meeting on 15 February 2008 . The 2 projects include Formosa Plastics Group's (fpg's) plan to invest 100 million US dollars in a specialty steel company in Zhangzhou in Fujian province and semiconductor packager and Tester ASE's plan to increase investment in ASE's Shanghai packaging plant by 30 million US dollars . Minister Steve reuy-long Chen stated the 2 projects will have a positive effect on Taiwan's economic development . Chen made the statement after presiding over an Interministerial Conference on whether the projects were in line with the Government's active management and effective opening policy regarding investment in China . Chen stated that the Investment Commission under the Ministry of Economic Affairs is expected to formally approve the projects the week of 17 February 2008 since the projects have passed policy-related screening . Fpg Chairman Li Chih-chun, Formosa Heavy Industry Corp. President Wu Kuo-hsiung and ASE Chairman Jason Chang attended the review meeting to explain investment plans and future business development blueprints in detail . The company chairmen and President reported on financing plans, technology transfer and equipment delivery as well as globalization plans and matching investment in Taiwan . Chen stated fpg pledged an investment in Taiwan that will reach 813.3 billion NT dollars (25.67 billion US dollars) by 2013 and that related equipment will be produced in Taiwan and delivered to China . Chen stated fpg technical and management staff will be recruited in Taiwan to create job opportunities . Chen stated ASE has invested over 145 billion NT dollars in Taiwan and indicated increasing investment in Taiwan depending on market circumstances . The review meeting is the 3rd policy-related screening meeting that the ministry has convened . The ministry previously approved investment projects by semiconductor manufacturers to relocate 8-inch-wafer plants using a 0.25-micron manufacturing process to China . The Government approved an application by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. to use 0.18-micro chip manufacturing technology at the wafer foundry in China .
 On 8 April 2008 the Ministry of Economic Affairs (moea) announced approval for 4 Chinese investment proposals from Chinese manufacturers . Lingsen precision industries, King yuan electronics, IC Assembly company Sigurd Corp. and Siliconware precision industries were approved for investment and will invest in integrated circuit packaging (ICP) and testing . The companies will invest 10 million US dollars, 20 million US dollars, 6.7 million US dollars, and 50 million US dollars respectively . The proposals have a total investment amount of 86.7 million US dollars (2.64 billion NT dollars) . The moea determined in a meeting on 8 April 2008 that the investment proposals met the clauses in the China Investment procedure issued by the ministry's Investment Commission . The Investment Commission's Executive Secretary Fan Liang-Tung stated the investment procedure aims to ensure Taiwan's investments in China will not harm Taiwan's industries and economy such as by leaking key technologies to the mainland . Under the procedure investment plans require approval from the moea if the plans involve a single investment that exceeds 100 million US dollars, the company's total investment in China reaches 200 million US dollars, or the investment could transfer core local industries' technologies to China . Fan stated core industries mainly involve the manufacturing of 8-inch wafers and 4-inch TFT panels as well as IC packaging . After the meeting on 8 April 2008 the Commission requires written documents to further assess the plans which contain each company's commitment on the terms of investment including the financial plan, information on any technology transfers and the company's domestic investment as well as employment information . Fan stated the Commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in Taiwan . Fan stated lingsen precision industries, King yuan electronics, IC Assembly company Sigurd Corp. and Siliconware precision industries have made commitments to return capital to Taiwan in the amounts of 2 billion NT dollars, 19.2 billion NT dollars, 3 billion NT dollars and 23 billion NT dollars respectively by 2011 . Fan stated the Commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way . Fan stated the procedure would push Chinese investment from Taiwan to focus on down scale manufacturers rather than technology-concentrated makers in a bid to keep high-end technologies in Taiwan . Fan stated the Commission will hold a 2nd round of meetings to decide if the proposals will take effect and that the final decision will be made by 30 April 2008 .
 The long process to try to control and reduce arms in the embattled Balkans was formally launched on 951218 in Bonn, Germany . Foreign ministers, ambassadors and representatives of international organizations and observer nations met in Bonn to discuss what form further talks should take . There are huge obstacles to achieving peace and cooperation among combatants in the former Yugoslavia . German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said in opening remarks at the one-day meeting that there can be no peace in the former Yugoslavia if some parties to the conflict remain heavily armed and others try to catch up . The Croation delegation threatened to pull out of arms-reduction negotiations if certain demands were not met in the nearest future . Delegates from other countries called on Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia to set aside their grievances and learn to compromise . Croatian Foreign Minister Mate Granic complained that a part of Croatian territory is under occupation and time is running out . Granic said in reference to disputed lands on the Croatian-Serbian border that the peaceful re-integration of Eastern Slavonia is the key to the lasting stability in the region and that everyone faces the danger of another round of hostilities and the destabilization of the whole region and highly unpredictable consequences for Bosnia-Herzegovina without it . Conference participants said Foreign Minister Milan Milutinovic from Serbia scolded his Croatian counterpart for grandstanding . Then Milutinovic made a threat to pull out of arms-control negotiations . Milutinovic noted the Serbian Government has been suspended since 920000 from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and said that unless full membership were restored Yugoslavia will be prevented from cooperating despite its readiness to do so . The OSCE is to oversee the next round of Balkan arms-reduction talks . Michael Williams is a senior fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London and formerly the United Nations' senior spokesman for Croatia and called the early threats from Croatia and Serbia a worrying development and an ominous development . Williams said it was really not clear that the parties are willing to engage in any arms control in a meaningful way . This corresponds to a fear expressed by some delegates to the 951218 Bonn meeting that the yugolav parties do not want to negotiate away the ability to use violence or a threat of violence to seize territory . Greek Foreign Minister karelos Papoulias observed of the Balkan belligerents that during talk in the plenary session one realizes that this is still the way they are thinking . Papoulias said the Greek government is not as optimistic as other European partners and that just because there is a Conference doesn't mean there is friendship between the people of the former Yugoslavia . The 951218 talks were organized to fulfill the combatants' pledge made in Dayton, Ohio, to begin talks to enhance mutual confidence and reduce the risk of conflict within 7 days of the Peace Accord's formal signing . The agenda on 951218 was limited to set the formal process for coming weeks . The German Foreign Ministry said in a statement that this was so as to clear the way for speedy negotiation of the substantive questions . Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia are the nations that signed the Dayton accord and are supposed to report how many tanks and armored vehicles, heavy artillery pieces, combat aircraft and attack helicopters they possess in the next phase . This data will be used to establish baselines from which weapons ceilings can be agreed on . Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia have promised to accept a set of automatic limits if agreement on such ceilings cannot be reached in 180 days . Kinkel said that on 951218 delegates had been unable to fix a date for the next round of talks but said the next talks would be 960104 or 960107 in Vienna . Kinkel said minor problems not substantive discord kept delegates from choosing a firm date .
 On 30 June 1999 Indian customs agents in the northwestern port city of Kandla boarded the North Korean freighter kuwolsan . Following a melee with the crew of the kuwolsan, customs agents discovered an assembly line for ballistic missiles . U.S. intelligence officials stated Libyan government was the intended recipient of the cargo . The kuwolsan departed North Korea's Nampo harbor on 10 April 1999 . Records show that on 20 April 1999 the kuwolsan made detours to 2 Thai ports to pick up 14000 tons of sugar for resale along the way to the kuwolsan's destination . The kuwolsan switched course in order to sell the sugar to an Indian company after a deal to sell the sugar to Algerians failed . An Indian investigator stated that the crew of the kuwolsan should not have picked up extra cargo at several ports when carrying 200 tons of sensitive equipment and that such activity was crazy . Indian customs officials were tipped off to possible contraband on the kuwolsan while the kuwolsan was en route to Kandla . The kuwolsan was rumored to be carrying arms or ammunition possibly intended for Pakistan . Indian port officials were waiting when the kuwolsan arrived in Kandla on 25 June 1999 . Irregularities in the kuwolsan's papers were apparent within the first few hours of investigation . Indian officials learned that the company in Malta listed as the intended recipient of the cargo was fictitious . Indian officials questioned why anyone in Malta would choose to buy water refining equipment from North Korea when Malta is a short flight from Europe . Indian customs agents questioned the captain of the kuwolsan Tae Min Hun . Tae blocked every request and threatened international reprisals if Indian officials did not allow Tae to leave Kandla . On 30 June 1999 customs officials demanded to search the kuwolsan's cargo boxes and Tae stated that the kuwolsan had received a telex from North Korean officials . Tae received instructions from officials in Pyongyang to allow no one to open the cargo boxes at all costs . The official Indian after-action report stated Tae would not open any more boxes as per the telex . The report stated the crew members shouted at and abused the customs officers . According to witness accounts and video footage of the encounter, tae and the crew of the kuwolsan barricaded the doors of the kuwolsan with the crews' bodies . An Indian official who was present on the kuwolsan and who spoke on the condition of anonymity stated the situation became physical and there were fisticuffs . The official stated the crew began closing the hatches to the cargo hold with the customs inspectors still inside . On 1 July 1999 armed troops and a group of government weapons experts aided customs officials and gained forcible entry onto the kuwolsan . A few crates among the kuwolsan's cargo contained equipment that could be used in a water treatment plant . Inspectors found pumps, nozzles and a few valves . The cargo boxes were labeled as water refinement equipment . Documents from the investigation contain a partial list of the contents of most of the cargo crates which included -- . Components for missile subassembly . Machine Tools for setting up a fabrication facility . Instrumentation for evaluating the performance of a full missile system . Equipment for calibrating missile components . Rocket nose cones, stacks of metal pipe and heavy-duty presses used for milling high-grade steel . A Plate-bending machine capable of rolling thick metal sheets, toroidal air bottles used to guide warheads after separation from a missile, and Theodolites that measure missile trajectories . Several boxes of engineering drawings, blueprints, notebooks, textbooks and reports . Personal items presumably intended for North Korean workers, including cookbooks in Korean, Korean spices, pickles and acupuncture sets . An Indian government official familiar with the kuwolsan discovery stated that in the past officials had seen missiles or engine parts, but here was an entire assembly line for missiles offered for sale . The official stated that this was a complete technology transfer . A technical committee of Indian missile experts stated that the equipment was unimpeachable and irrefutable evidence of a plan to transfer not just missiles but missile-making capability . The technical panel wrote in a report that the cargo points to only one end-use, namely the assembling of missiles and manufacture of the parts and subassemblies of surface to surface missiles . Investigators searched the blueprints that were kept inside numbered plastic jackets and wrapped in brown paper . Some of the packets were labeled in English as Scud B or Scud C. Nearly all of the drawings showed rockets or sections of rockets with notes and mathematical formulas handwritten in Korean . Native Korean speakers assisted in translation but the documents contained technical code invented by North Korean scientists to replace scientific terms in Russian or Chinese . The investigation ultimately yielded information about North Korea's weapons program which Indian authorities shared with ally Governments . The Scud B and Scud C designs found on the kuwolsan were from older North Korean missile programs which were derived from Soviet missile designs of the 1950s . One Indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional . Retired director of the State Department's Office on strategic, proliferation and military issues in the Bureau of Intelligence and Research Greg Thielmann stated the CIA utilized the blueprints to make full mock-ups of missiles complete with decals . The blueprints included information pertaining to the inner workings of North Korea's missile industry which has been the focus of contention between the United States and North Korea since the 1980s . The cargo on the kuwolsan did not include everything needed for missile production which raises the possibility that there may have been earlier and possible later shipments . Missile expert and senior analyst at the Center for Nonproliferation Studies Timothy V. McCarthy examined some of the blueprints and other evidence and stated this was a slice in time of a technology transfer from North Korea to Libya . McCarthy stated the intelligence find helps U.S. officials learn how North Korean missile scientists learn . McCarthy stated the information gives U.S. officials an idea of how capable North Korean scientists are of progressing to more advanced missiles and gives U.S. officials insight into the aspect of proliferation when one country's officials attempt to transfer technology to another country's officials . McCarthy stated no one can stop Libyan scientists once the scientists are capable of making missiles . The kuwolsan and the crew were unaccounted for after Indian officials released the kuwolsan in 2000 . Shipping experts at Lloyd's maritime division in London stated the kuwolsan's name was changed in the summer of 2000 to Sun grisan 9 . As of the week of 3 August 2003 the sun grisan 9 was still in service and was last reported headed to the Somalian capital of Mogadishu . The nature of the Sun grisan 9's cargo was unknown . As of 14 August 2003 the evidence from the kuwolsan is secured in a military warehouse in New Delhi . As stated in court documents and interviews with officials in the United States and India the kuwolsan incident has reinforced a view of North Korea as the world's most dangerous source of weapons proliferation . In 1999 North Korean leader Kim Jong Il expelled U.N. inspectors, abandoned the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and declared plans to build an atomic weapon . U.S. intelligence officials stated that North Korean officials are continuing global trade in technology for weapons of mass destruction including instructions for making advanced missiles . Successive U.S. administrations have condemned North Korea's missile sales to such countries as Iran and Syria . On 31 August 1998 North Korean officials launched a 3-stage missile which heightened fears of advanced North Korean designs capable of reaching the U.S. mainland . The first stage splashed down in the Sea of Japan, the second stage crossed the main island of Japan and the third broke up and traveled 3450 miles downrange and fell into the Pacific Ocean . The missile test fueled work on a U.S. missile defense shield . North Korean officials have defended the right to sell weapons and have stated that North Korean officials are not bound by international treaties restricting such trade . North Korean officials have sold missiles and parts to Yemen which received 15 Scud missiles after the missiles were briefly intercepted by U.S. and Spanish naval crews off the Yemeni coast in December 1998 . Libya appears to be the latest beneficiary of North Korean weapons . Other nations including Iran, Pakistan and Syria are known to have received similar help . The kuwolsan cargo attests to the existence of a gray zone composed of a combination of weak States, open borders, lack of controls and a market of buyers and sellers of weapons of mass destruction . Small packages are sometimes delivered in the luggage of individual airline passengers such as a Taiwanese businessman arrested at Zurich's airport in 2000 with North Korean missile parts in a rucksack . Larger items are moved in freighters such as the kuwolsan while technical information and designs are accessible via the Internet . Korea specialist with the Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Monterey Institute of International Studies in California Daniel pinkston stated that intercepting weapons and equipment is difficult but not impossible but that human exchanges of plans, data, and intellectual property are difficult to intercept .
 China confirmed on January 23, 2007 after 12 days of silence that China had fired a guided missile into space to destroy one of its satellites . The test caused protests from the United States and other nations . Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao said the United States and other Governments have now been informed about the secret test through diplomatic channels . Liu Jianchao stated that the use of anti-satellite technology does not mean China has abandoned its long-standing opposition to the military use of space . Liu Jianchao said at a ministry briefing that the test was not targeted against any country and does not pose a threat to any country . Liu Jianchao said that no plans for another such test by the secretive Chinese military . The Chinese test shot destroyed an overage weather satellite 537 miles above Earth and was detected by U.S. monitors January 11, 2007 . The Chinese government refused to discuss it . The test raised concern in the United States . Officials and analysts interpreted it as a signal that U.S. military satellites could be vulnerable to attack by China . China's ability to shoot down satellites could pose an added threat in the event of hostilities over Taiwan because the U.S. military relies on satellites for reconnaissance, navigation, weapons guidance systems and anti-missile defenses . China's newly demonstrated ability could threaten Taiwanese satellites monitoring Chinese short- and medium-range missile deployments along the Taiwan Strait . U.S. officials were dismayed by the Chinese test because the United States and Russia have abstained from such tests after testing anti-satellite technology in the 1980s . This decision was partly because destroying satellites creates debris that could damage satellites in nearby orbits . Liu declined to address questions on this danger . Experts estimate that several hundred thousand debris fragments were created by the destruction of the satellite . The satellite orbited in a section of space where 125 other satellites fly . China has started an accelerated military modernization program and has repeatedly stated its desire to be able to compete in 21st-century warfare . This includes the use of advanced electronics and information systems . The Chinese military runs China's space program and has identified space-based communications and sensing systems as key to such efforts . Some Chinese military theorists have advocated asymmetrical warfare . Pinpoint weapons would be used to disrupt the more advanced and better-equipped U.S. military . Analysts believed that the January 11, 2007 test was part of the military modernization program despite China's frequent declarations that it wants to prevent an arms race in space . Liu repeated the long-standing Chinese position when asked about the appearance of a contradiction and said China will further promote de-weaponization and the peaceful use of outer space . China has consistently advocated at the United Nations for the peaceful development of space and pushed for an international agreement to prevent it from becoming the theater for a new arms race . The United States has opposed China's suggestion for an international conference to pursue such an accord and argued there is no need for it . Liu was asked whether the anti-satellite test violated the spirit of China's proclaimed position and why China kept silent for nearly two weeks while officials around the world were discussing it on the basis of U.S. intelligence reports . Liu said China has nothing to hide . China made the response about the test quickly after the relevant parties expressed their concerns . China stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space . China's position has not changed .
 The interior ministry said Saudi police have arrested 10 men and accused them of collecting donations to fund terrorist acts outside the Kingdom . A lawyer and a prominent dissident said that at least seven of the men were Saudi democracy activists whose arrest was a government attempt to abort their civic rights work . Matrouk al-Faleh said the seven men had been waiting for government approval to set up a civic rights group . The men were mostly of them lawyers and professors . Al-Faleh was jailed in 2004 for calling for more democracy in the kingdom . The men had planned to present authorities with a list of more than 40 prisoners without legal representation whom they intended to defend . Al-Faleh said the terrorist allegation is a cover-up and that it was used to get al-Faleh arrested . This is an attempt to abort the civic rights work the authorities were planning . Police went to the Jiddah beach house of lawyer Essam basrawi on Friday night and arrested basrawi and five other Saudi men . Bassim Alim said Saudi businessman Abdul-Aziz Al-khereiji was arrested at a checkpoint as Al-khereiji drove with his wife to Jiddah . Alim is the attorney who represents four of the detainees . Basrawi's Moroccan personal assistant also was detained . There was no information on the identities of the two other men . An interior ministry spokesman told local newspapers that the arrested men had been involved in financing recruiters who sign up young Saudis to go into turbulent areas . That is generally a reference to Iraq . The spokesman said sizable amounts of cash had been found during searches of the men's homes . Many young Saudi radicals have crossed the long and porous border between the Kingdom and Iraq and joined up with Sunni Muslim insurgents there . Alim said that the government's accusations were baseless and that his clients were well-known reformists with no connection to terrorism . Alim said the men might have been raising funds for Palestinian or Iraqi refugees . The men had been warned repeatedly by the government not to gather or write petitions because authorities feared the rise of a new political reform movement . Alim said the men do not want any kind of organized reform movement . The men are trying to stop any organized calls for reform . Alim said police had illegally searched the men's homes without warrants and seized files, books and computers . This was after midnight on February 2, 2002 . Neither Alim nor family members have been allowed to see the arrested men . Faleh did not know why they were not allowed lawyers or charged publicly or shown proof or evidence if they are guilty of the crime . The arrests were the first to target democracy activists since reform-minded King Abdullah took the throne in 2005 and pardoned Faleh and two other leading activists who had spent 18 months in prison . A dozen other men arrested with them in March 2004 signed statements pledging to stop lobbying for political freedoms . Faleh and the two others refused to sign and demanded legal representation and a public trial . Legal Defense and public trials are allowed under Saudi law but rarely applied . Most defendants go to court without attorneys . Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government . It carried out limited municipal elections in 2005 . The Kingdom continues to show little tolerance for political opposition despite slow progression toward reform from Abdullah . It imposes strict limits on freedom of expression and bans public gatherings and political parties . Sulaiman Al-Rushoodi is a lawyer and former judge who had been among the group of activists detained in 2004 . Al-Rushoodi was one of the men arrested on February 2, 2002 . Al-Rushoodi was released several weeks later after pledging to address his demands solely to authorities . Al-Rushoodi joined the defense team of three activists still behind bars . Basrawi is a prominent activist who helped draft petitions addressed to the Government during a vibrant period of political activism before the 2004 arrests . The Consultative Shura Council recently announced it was considering laws permitting the setting up of civic rights groups which are currently not allowed in the Kingdom . Saudi Arabia has two Government-appointed human rights committees but bans independent human and civil rights organizations .
 Chinese officials stated on May 14, 2007 that China had launched a Chinese manufactured communications satellite into orbit on behalf of Nigeria . Chinese officials stated that the geostationary satellite will provide communications services over Africa and parts of the Middle East and Southern Europe . The Chinese officials also stated that the satellite will go into operation by the end of 2007 and is expected to last 15 years . The satellite will be managed from a control station in Abuja, Nigeria . This launch marks the first time China has built a commercial satellite and put the satellite into orbit on contract for another country . The launch occurred on May 14, 2007 before dawn near the Xichang space center in southwestern Sichuan province . Some view the launch as another sign of China's increasing skill in space technology and China's determination to be among the world's great powers seeking to utilize the reaches of outer space for benefits on earth . China's space program's rapid progress has caused worries in the United States because the program is run by the military and China has been recently emphasizing space-based information warfare . The concern intensified following the successful January 11, 2007 test-firing of an anti-satellite missile . Some analysts stated that the test-firing demonstrated a risk to the many satellites on which United States military forces rely for navigation and weapons guidance . China's space agency sent 2 astronauts into orbit in October 2005 in the Agency's second manned spaceflight . The Chinese government on May 7, 2007 adopted a 10 year plan for expanded space exploration . The plan includes more manned flights as well as unmanned probes of the Moon and beyond . Chinese officials stated that the launch of the nigcomsat-1 aboard a Long March 3 B rocket on May 14, 2007 represented a commercial challenge . Some saw the launch as a symbol of China's broad network of economic relations with Africa . The official New China News Agency stated that the satellite represents China's wish to cooperate with developing countries in the peaceful use of outer space and to promote a closer relationship between China and African countries . Nigeria's managing director of the nigcomsat-1 project Hammed Rufai stated that the launch was a breakthrough in ending the exclusive reliance on oil because the satellite will help Nigeria move toward knowledge-based industries . The official New China News Agency stated that China secured the 311 million dollar contract in 2004 in a bidding process in which 21 other companies took part . President of the Great Wall Industry Corporation Wang Haibo stated that the Nigerian contract puts China onto the short list of countries that can build, launch and maintain a satellite for other nations . Chinese officials stated that about 30 similar contracts have been signed for future launches . In the 1990s China frequently launched satellites for other countries after the satellites were manufactured elsewhere and acquired a reputation for providing such services more cheaply than other launch-capable countries . China had been trying to establish commercial relations with oil-producing nations such as Nigeria as the Chinese economy grows nearly 10 percent a year . Some officials have stated that Nigeria hopes to sell communications bands to neighboring African countries . Abuja is the capital of Nigeria .
 Mexico's drug-trafficking wars continued during the funeral of a 10-year-old boy . The boy died in a drowning accident unrelated to drug trafficking . The boy's grandfather was Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo . Gallardo is the fugitive Founder of the Tijuana drug cartel . June 4, 2007 6 hooded gunmen entered the traditional all-night wake and shot two people, killing both . One newspaper called the gunmen commandos . The gunmen had written Z's on the victims' backs before the left . The Z is a symbol of the Gulf cartel . At least 46 more people were killed by the end of the week . There were multiple attacks including hand-grenade assaults and decapitations, with police, federal agents and rival drug-traffickers the principal victims . The killings show the scope of the violence and the tactics of psychological warfare behind it . The killings are dispersed across the country . Many deaths appear to involve disputes between competing bands of traffickers . At least one of those bands appears to be splitting into different groups . Authorities in Tuxtepec on June 5, 2007 found a severed head with a note . The note stated that this is going to happen to all the people who work with the zetas . It referred to the hit men who work for the Gulf cartel . The message was signed as the new blood . Tuxtepec is in the southeast side of Oaxaca . The new blood refers to a group of Gulf cartel operatives who have turned against the zetas as members of the organization bid to control trafficking routes and local drug markets . Mexico's Secretary of Public Safety Genaro Garcia Luna said in May 2007 that the Gulf cartel had split into rival bands . Garcia Luna said in a recent press conference that the extreme violence in Mexico was part of a strategy by drug traffickers to force authorities into a strategic retreat . Garcia Luna said that they are trying to create a climate of intimidation and fear in order to gain operational advantages . Luna said the residents of a rural town or urban neighborhood will refuse to cooperate with authorities and create a social space of support for traffickers if they believe that drug traffickers cannot be defeated . Gruesome killings have become frequent during the war this year . New incidents of violence have arisen every day this week . Authorities on June 6, 2007 discovered a decapitated body left with a written message for State police in the port city of Veracruz on the Gulf of Mexico . The message said police were protecting rival drug traffickers and that the decapitated man had been selling drugs for a rival group . Four other people were killed in and around Veracruz that same day . This included a funeral Director who had transported the body of Efrain Torres to a cemetery in the city of Poza Rica in May . Torres was an assassinated leader of the zetas . The body later was stolen from its crypt . Another victim of the violence in Veracruz cannot yet be tallied among the dead . Business owner Roberto moguel Martinez was kidnapped by armed men on June 6, 2007 after being released from a hospital . Martinez had been recovering from wounds suffered in a May 31, 2007 attack . Martinez's mother wrestled briefly with Martinez's armed kidnappers on a street in the center of the city according to the Veracruz newspaper notiver . Martinez has not been seen since . On June 7, 2007 there were three grenade attacks on two police stations and an army barracks in the southern state of Guerrero . Authorities said seven people were killed in apparent drug-related attacks there . The websites of Mexico City newspapers on June 8, 2007 reported as many as 20 people had been gunned down nationwide in drug-related violence the previous 24 hours . The dead included three people shot on a highway in the State of Durango in northwest Mexico . This happened on a week when President Felipe Calderon traveled to Europe to meet with Pope Benedict XVI and other leaders . Calderon told reporters on June 4, 2007 in Rome that consumers in the United States were to blame for the drug-driven chaos in Mexico . Calderon said that this is a shared problem between the United States and Mexico . The principal cause is the use of drugs . And the U.S. is the prime consumer in the world . Calderon has sent the army to numerous Mexican states to fill in for over-matched and corrupt local police . 19 members of the army were ordered on June 4, 2007 to be imprisoned as suspects in the killing of three women and two children at a rural anti-smuggling checkpoint in Sinaloa . The five were members of a family returning from a wake . Military officials said they had failed to stop at the checkpoint . The shooting was more evidence of the war-like psychology gripping many corners of Mexico . An estimated 1,200 people were already killed in the violence this year .
 U.S. and European officials suspect that Iran's civilian nuclear energy program masks an effort to obtain technology that could be used in the production of an atomic bomb . U.S. and European officials may impose a 4th round of sanctions on Tehran when the U.N. Security Council considers the issue of Iran's nuclear energy program most likely in September 2007 . The International Atomic Energy Agency distributed limited copies of the IAEA report before a meeting on 11 September 2007 of the 35 members of the IAEA board . The findings reflect an agency agreement on 21 August 2007 with Tehran that Iranian officials began publicizing the week of 12 August 2007 . The accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding Iran's nuclear program and activities . According to an account by Reuters news agency the IAEA report said the work plan is a significant step forward . Reuters quoted a senior U.N. official as stating the Iranian government's efforts to enrich uranium had slowed . The IAEA report stated that Iranian officials must continue to build confidence about the scope and nature of Iran's present and future nuclear program . Iranian officials on 30 August 2007 stated cooperation with the IAEA possibly to prevent a further round of international sanctions . Iran's representative to the IAEA Ali Asghar SOLTANIEH stated to Tehran's Fars news agency that the report emphasized that there exists no sign or evidence indicating diversion of Iran's nuclear activities and that all of Iran's nuclear materials have been audited . Some Nonproliferation Experts stated the IAEA was ceding too much to Iran . Arms-control experts David Albright and Jacqueline Shire of the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security wrote in a criticism published the week of 19 August 2007 that the idea of closing files violates fundamental safeguards principles and that the agreement does not specify that Iranian officials would provide the IAEA access to key people, facilities, and documents that are needed to verify Iranian answers to the IAEA's questions . Independent experts stated Iran's latest agreement with the IAEA which gives inspectors access to more nuclear sites and information falls short of the West's demand to halt the production of concentrated uranium that could potentially be used for a bomb . U.S. State Department spokesman for the Bush administration Tom Casey stated that while the report may offer some new details or insight into the development of Iran's program Iranian officials have not met any international obligations regarding the nuclear program . Casey stated the fact that the nuclear program continues to move forward shows that the Iranian regime is continuing on a path of defiance of the international community . Most Western Nonproliferation Experts stated the Agreement on 21 August 2007 contained little that could dissuade policymakers in Washington, London, Paris and Berlin from moving forward with another round of Security Council sanctions . Experts stated many of the transparency issues reportedly resolved in the Agreement on 21 August 2007 should have been resolved previously . Executive Director of nonpartisan Washington think tank the Arms Control Association Daryl G. Kimball stated the agreement does not address the problem that the Iranian government is pursuing an enrichment technology and capability that could lead to the production of nuclear bomb material . Kimball stated the Iranian government's design is to deflect criticism and pressure and to claim that progress is being made . Iranian officials stated a possible reduction in collaboration with inspectors in the event of more sanctions . The Security Council has voted unanimously to impose sanctions against Iran but the penalties have been limited from U.S. demands under Chinese and Russian pressure . SOLTANIEH stated in an interview with state-controlled Iranian television that the report and the measures taken make the intervention of any other international organization including the Security Council irrelevant and unjustified .
 Israeli officials convinced a key group of nations engaged in nuclear trade to adopt new guidelines allowing the international transfer of nuclear technology to States that have not signed on to nonproliferation rules . Countries including India, Israel and Pakistan that have not signed the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty are prohibited from participating in international nuclear trade which includes purchasing reactors, uranium fuel or yellowcake . Documents outlining the Israeli proposal were distributed to the 45-member Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) in March 2007 . The Israeli presentation was made in a nonpaper that allows for official deniability . According to a letter from the Chairman of the NSG on 17 March 2007 the Israeli presentation was offered in the context of the NSG's debate over Indian officials' bid for an exemption . Among the nations that have not signed the Treaty only India and Israel would qualify for admission to the NSG under the Israeli proposal . The Israeli plan offered 12 criteria for allowing nuclear trade with non-treaty states . 1 criterion indicated Israel's status as an undeclared nuclear weapons state and said a State should be allowed to engage in nuclear trade if the State applies stringent physical protection, control and accountancy measures to all nuclear weapons, nuclear facilities, source material and special nuclear material in the State's territory . The documents circulated on Capitol Hill in September 2007 as the Bush administration worked toward an agreement with Indian officials . Executive Director of the Arms Control Association in Washington Daryl Kimball stated the Israeli document could affect the debate over India . Kimball stated -- . The dynamics at the NSG are that officials from the countries do not want to be obstacles to India which is the largest country and the United States which is the most powerful country . Consensus on India will be difficult to reach when the NSG meets in November 2007 . Israel's proposal gives officials from some countries reason to suggest an alternative approach to a specific exemption . Israel's record is good and better than India's in following international nuclear rules . Despite ties between Israeli and U.S. governments the Bush Administration rejected the Israeli proposal . The proposal may complicate the Bush administration's efforts to win an exemption for India to engage in nuclear trade . President Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice view the Pact as an important part of the Bush administration's foreign policy legacy . The deal is controversial in India and Congress must give approval . Delays in winning approval for the India deal could have a negative effect on the administration's foreign policy legacy with delay until an election year having the most negative effect . State Department spokesman Tom Casey stated the U.S. government views the India deal as unique and does not see the deal as a precedent for any other country including Israel . Spokesman for the Israeli embassy David Siegel stated the suggestion that the Israeli government is demanding an exemption or linking efforts to any other issue including the India debate is grossly inaccurate . Seigel stated -- . The Israeli government has never asked the NSG for any exemption to nuclear supply guidelines or made any Israeli-specific request of the NSG . Israel is recognized as a full-fledged adherent to the NSG Guidelines . The Israeli government has urged the NSG to consider adopting a generic, multi-tiered, criteria-based approach towards nuclear technology transfers . Some officials from NSG countries have previously suggested an approach like the Israeli plan . If modification of the NSG Guidelines were to take place along the lines proposed by Israeli officials the nuclear nonproliferation regime would be considerably enhanced .
 20080726 Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated to scholars in the northeastern city of mashbad that Iran had expanded its arsenal of centrifuges producing enriched uranium to over 5000 . The statement was ahmadinejad's first asserting an expansion since the 20080400 announcement that Iran was approaching the implementation of 6000 centrifuges . Iran articulated the goal of 50000 centrifuges operating at the enrichment plant near the town of Natanz . The international community has demanded that Iran halt the production of nuclear material . Media reports differed on the number of centrifuges ahmadinejad cited . An Iranian news agency reported that ahmadinejad stated Iran had 6000 working centrifuges but the agency subsequently removed the statement from the Internet . Another Iranian news agency stated that ahmadinejad referred to 100000s of centrifuges . Experts discounted the significance of ahmadinejad's claim in the absence of information on the centrifuges' functionality . A Western diplomat in Tehran speaking under condition of anonymity stated that the quantity of centrifuges is less important than whether the machines are operational and efficient but that ahmadinejad's assertion will hinder a resolution of the diplomatic standoff between Iran and the West . Arms control expert Jeffrey G. Lewis of the new America Foundation think tank stated that the Foundation was aware of Iran's goal of assembling 6000 centrifuges but the operational status of the machines is unknown . Diplomats and arms control experts stated that the Iranian enrichment program is hindered by technical problems . Iran has repeatedly asserted that its nuclear program aims to produce only electricity because nuclear weapon production contradicts Islamic principles . The US, Israel, Europe and the majority of Western arms control experts believe that Iran is pursuing the capability to produce bombs immediately in the event of a decision . Experts stated that producing weapons-grade uranium from reactor-grade material is relatively simple . Ahmadinejad stated that after Iran resisted the West's demands for a halt in nuclear activities, the West still pursued the resumption of negotiations . EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana recently presented Iran with 2 offers -- . A US-endorsed package of incentives to cease enriched uranium production . A 6-week pre-negotiation' freeze for freeze' period during which Iran would add no centrifuges and the West would refrain from promoting a 4th round of economic sanctions against Iran at the UN Security Council . US officials repeatedly stated that no negotiations can begin before Iran verifiably halts all enrichment-related activities but the Bush administration recently agreed to the' freeze for freeze' proposal and dispatch burns to Geneva . 20080726 during talks in Geneva attended by US Undersecretary of State William J. Burns Iran refused to respond to Solana's offers . The talks constituted the highest-level diplomatic contact between the US and Iran for nearly 30 years . Solana, burns and European envoys set a deadline for Iran to respond positively before initiating new sanctions including prohibitions on selling Iran refined petroleum products vital to the country's economy . Iranian officials refused to commit to stopping expansion or to observe the deadline . 20080726 ahmadinejad appeared to suggest that Iran might potentially halt expansion at a higher number of centrifuges that previously expected and for over 6 weeks . Ahmadinejad stated that the West had consented to the existing 5000-6000 centrifuges in operation provided that the number did not increase . 5000 centrifuges can produce sufficient nuclear material for a power plant or an atomic bomb if the material is highly enriched . 6000 centrifuges running continuously can produce sufficient weapons-grade uranium for 1 bomb in 6 months . 20080500 the International Atomic Energy Agency stated that Iran possessed 3500 centrifuges in operations .
 On 081114 diplomats stated to the media that American, European, Russian and Chinese officials at a meeting on 081113 in Paris did not reach agreement on further actions to persuade Iran to halt uranium enrichment at Iran's facility in Natanz . Uranium enrichment is a highly technical process that can produce fuel for a nuclear power plant or fissile material for atomic weapons . The 081113 meeting ended without any new measures to announce . After the 081113 meeting the French foreign ministry released a statement declaring the international community had reaffirmed the importance of the dual-track approach of engaging diplomatically with Iran and working towards sanctions . Russia and China have resisted new sanctions against Iran . Russia and China have close political and business ties with Iran and feel no domestic pressure to act against the Islamic Republic of Iran . The United States does not have close political and business ties with Iran and feels domestic pressure to act against the Islamic Republic of Iran . Russia and China hold veto power over Security Council decisions . Moscow's Interfax news agency quoted Russian diplomat Sergei ryabkov as stating that the parties struck no deal on sanctions against Iran at the 081113 meeting and that the Western countries are in favor of the sanctions against Iran while China and Russia did not support sanctions against Iran . Sergei ryabkov attended the 081113 meeting . A report released this week says Iran has made significant progress at Iran's heavy-water research reactor facility near the city of Arak . Iran's heavy-water research reactor near Arak could eventually produce plutonium that might be used in a nuclear weapon . Satellite images published by the Institute for Science and International Security show construction at the heavy-water research reactor facility near the city of Arak has progressed significantly between 080200 and 081000 . David Albright stated that Iran's heavy-water research reactor near Arak has evaded the international security community's notice . David Albright stated that Iran's heavy-water research reactor near Arak is making significant progress according to the satellite images and that in a year and a half the heavy-water research reactor near Arak has progressed from building frames to a largely finished facility . David Albright is a former arms inspector and Director of the Institute for Science and International Security that is based in Washington, D.C. . Iran stated that Iran is pursuing nuclear technology to produce energy and conduct research . The United States and its western allies suspect that Iran's efforts to produce is a precursor to creating a nuclear-weapons infrastructure . Low-grade uranium production is legal under international arms-control regulations . The latest developments in Iran's nuclear technology development show the complex diplomatic and technical challenges facing the incoming foreign policy team of United States President-elect Barack Obama when it takes on the task of stopping Iran from mastering technology that could be used to manufacture and deliver nuclear weapons . The administration of United States President George W. Bush in its last months in power has managed to synchronize United States policies with the European Union, British, French and German leaders, to press for tougher sanctions and diplomatic action against Iran . The International Atomic Energy Agency is expected to release a report critical of Iran next week . The International Atomic Energy Agency is the United Nations's nuclear watchdog agency . Due to the Act that no new initiatives regarding Iran's nuclear program emerged from the 081113 Paris talks the hopes of imposing another set of United Nations Security Council sanctions before the end of President Bush's term were decreasing . While diplomatic maneuvering is taking place Iran continues to work towards mastering nuclear and missile technology . Some Israeli officials have stated their alarm about Iran's test-firing this week of a solid-fuel, two-stage rocket with a range of 1200 miles . The city of Tel Aviv is fewer than 650 miles from Iranian territory .
 A large repository of anthrax, plague and other deadly bacteria stored in a high-security Russian laboratory complex 100 miles south of Moscow is facing the threat of loosing electricity . An official from the Moscow region's mosenergo electric utility arrived recently at the Russian laboratory complex and threatened to turn off the electricity for lack of payment . The Russian laboratory complex is a 90-building campus and served as the location for Russia's secret biological weapons program in the Soviet era . An incorrect headline in the newspaper Izvestia stated that deadly viruses from a Moscow regional depository threaten Moscow . There are no viruses at the State Scientific Center of applied Microbiology in obolensk . At the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the Soviet Union . A large virus repository is located in Siberia . Both Russian and Western officials have stated that it is unlikely that any public health threat would result from a power cutoff at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology . Russian and Western officials have stated that there is enough uncertainty that they could not be positive a loss of power at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology would not cause a public health threat . General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency . General Nikolai N. Urakov is the longtime director of the the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology . The State scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with Western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site . General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that the people at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology are scared by this threat of a sudden shutdown of electricity because it is a kind of psychological pressure on the people at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology . General Nikolai N. Urakov stated by telephone that in the event of a power shutdown at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology scientists must destroy all bacteriological experiments under way . General Nikolai N. Urakov would like the United States and Western countries that have contributed about 6 million United States dollars to the transformation of the former bioweapons complex to contribute another 500000 United States dollars per year to pay the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology's electric bills and arrears . An American scientist who works closely with the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology stated that the Russian government was responsible for paying for the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology's electric bills . Western aid for conversion of General Nikolai N. Urakov's one time bioweapons laboratory peaked in 970000 because it was learned that Iran had made offers to the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology to purchase its expertise . Russian scientists and military leaders who now depend on Western financing to destroy nuclear, chemical and biological weapons have been known to orchestrate a sense of crisis to increase financing . American scientist Randall Lee Beatty is working on the conversion of the State Scientific Center of applied Microbiology in obolensk . Beatty stated that this threat to cut electricity to the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology is a crisis . Randall Lee Beatty is a Director of the International Science and Technology Center . The International Science and Technology Center finances approximately half of General Nikolai N. Urakov's budget to support about 350 Russian biowarfare scientists and technicians . Randall Lee Beatty stated that it is known that the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology has not paid its electricity bill for 14 months . Randall Lee Beatty stated that the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology is one of the important archives for dangerous pathogens in the world and it would be a shame if those archives were destroyed for not paying the electricity utility . Approximately 3000 strains of bacteria are stored at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology and many of the bacteria are stored in cryogenic casks cooled with liquid nitrogen and isolated from the environment by layered enclosures and oversize air-handling systems that all depend on electricity to function . The greatest danger from a shutdown of electric power at the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology would be the defrosting of live germs that are currently preserved in a frozen state . A biological warfare expert at the Monterey Institute of International Studies named Raymond zilinskas stated that the main threat from cutting power to the State Scientific Center of applied microbiology would be to the organisms themselves rather than that they might escape . Raymond zilinskas stated that in the worst case the bacteria would be defrosted from minus 70 degrees and it would be a real mess to clean up afterward because it would not be known for certain whether all the bacteria was dead . The confrontation between the mosenergo electric utility and the State Scientific Center of applied Microbiology in obolensk is another example of how the basic capitalist imperative for enterprises to be self-sustaining can clash in a dangerous way with the old remnants of Soviet weapons science . Due to an overdue power bill in 000000 the Russian National Power Company cut off electricity to a strategic base where nuclear missiles stood on high alert . The nuclear missile silos themselves did not lose power . Armed troops marched to the substations and turned the power back on . In 010100 and 010200 the national utility, United energy systems cut power to a number of military installations around Russia . The military installations that lost power included the Russian space forces monitoring center on the Kamchatka Peninsula . In most cases of military installations having their electricity cut off the electricity has been quickly restored . Often investigations show that the tug of war with the utility forces the military to spend budgeted funds for electrical power instead of diverting money for other uses . Some of the budgeted funds cut at times have included the building country residences for generals .
 Brazil announced that the air force will begin shooting down aircraft used in trafficking illegal drugs in Brazilian airspace . The plan requires 8 precautionary steps before the order to shoot down a plane may be issued . Prior to the policy taking effect late 20041000 a publicity campaign will notify ranchers and others of the need to file flight plans . The Law to permit such an action was originally approved in 1998 but 1995-2003 President Fernando Henrique Cardoso never put the policy into effect . The United States dissuaded Cardoso from signing the decree out of concern that the accidental downing of civilian aircraft could expose the US government and companies to lawsuits . 20010400 the United States reduced previous support for operations targeting drug-running aircraft when a Peruvian jet shot down a small plane misidentified as a drug carrier and killed an American missionary and her child . Relatives of the victims sued the US government and won a settlement due to the Government's provision of intelligence and technical support to the operation . A US State Department official stated -- . US law may forbid assistance to countries that implement shoot-down laws under certain conditions . The US agrees with the Brazilian assessment that the threat posed by drug traffickers is both very serious and increasing . The US government has consulted the Brazilian Government about the provisions of US law . Brazilian Defense Minister Jose Viegas stated that Brazil has encountered difficulties in securing US support for the plan but recent bilateral talks led to certainty that the decree would be accepted by the US government without exposing Brazil to commercial sanctions . Brazilian officials have expressed hope that the policy will be endorsed by the US before going into effect . The US is scheduled to provide 10.2 million dollars in drug and law enforcement aid to Brazil in 2004 . Former air force chief and current Director of the Air Institute at estacio de sa University in Rio de Janeiro General Mauro Jose Miranda gandra stated that the measure was a courageous step by the Government but the impact may be more political than practical because of self-imposed restrictions by the Brazilian government . Brazilian officials stated that the policy would be inapplicable against aircraft with children on board . Viegas stated that the limitation was necessary . Gandra stated that the provision undermines the decree's essential purpose by granting immunity to drug-smuggling aircraft carrying children and thus introducing the possibility of kidnapped children being used as human shields . Viegas stated in an interview in Brasilia that the government will use the law to more powerfully dissuade drug traffickers who have previously entered Brazilian airspace feeling unthreatened by the air force . The Government was prompted to act due to the deteriorating public security situation with increasingly powerful and violent drug gangs in Sao Paolo and particularly Rio de Janeiro . Rio de Janeiro drug gangs have more firepower than the police and have successfully attacked police stations and forced businesses and schools to close . President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva stated in a 2003 interview with foreign correspondents -- . The policy is a matter of national sovereignty and security . Some pilots of drug-running aircraft felt so confidently immune from retribution as to make obscene gestures at pursuing Brazilian air force pilots . The constitutionality of the law has been questioned under Brazil's prohibition of the death penalty as punishment for criminal acts . Some legal experts and other commentators stated that contrary to government claims, the Statute amounts to a de facto execution of drug traffickers . The daily newspaper O Estado de Sao Paolo stated in an editorial the week of 20040718-20040824 -- the extreme measure raises ethical and juridical problems exceeding any potential benefits . The penalty will be applied extrajudicially by administrative decision of the Commander of the Air Force . This person will gain life and death power over crew members and passengers of irregular flights . In 2002 Brazil inaugurated the 1.4 billion dollar SIVAM radar system allowing the government to monitor air activity throughout the expansive Amazon region for the first time . The system uses American technology . Illegal Flights initially declined 30 percent due to trafficker's concerns about improved tracking capabilities but subsequently reaccelerated . Brazil recorded 4128 unauthorized flights in 2003 . Some of these flights were innocent violations by ranchers in the Amazon flying between plantations . Viegas stated that there was a significant increase in deliberate violations of Brazilian airspace, apparently by drug smugglers realizing that the government was incapable of retaliation . 20010400 Rio de Janeiro's most notorious drug boss, Fernandinho Beira-Mar, was captured in Colombia in a guns-for drugs pipeline involving left-wing guerrillas . Brazil's northern Amazon corridor has become an increasingly busy and essential route in the global drug trade and is used for smuggling arms, gold and diamonds . Reportedly one of the most important drug- and gun-smuggling routes in supplying Europe with cocaine runs from Colombia across the northern tier of the Amazon to Suriname . Colombia is the only country that currently has a policy of targeting drug trafficking aircraft . Colombia is the source of much of the cocaine and heroin sold in the United States .
 Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez's weapons deals with Russia, curbs on military cooperation with the United States, and plans to train as many as 2 million Venezuelan civilians to repel a possible invasion by imperialist superpowers have the United States and Chavez's domestic critics worried about what the leftist former military officer is planning . Chavez insists that the moves are purely defensive and born of an overdue need to update obsolete military hardware and protect Venezuela from nations that might want to take control of Venezuela . Venezuela is South America's largest petroleum-producing state . Chavez's domestic opponents scoff at the idea that the US would ever invade Venezuela and charge that Chavez's true intention is to arm a huge cadre of loyal reservists who would protect Chavez against any internal uprising and to pose as a militarized counterweight to US influence in Latin America . Cuban leader Fidel Castro is Chavez's his major ally and Chavez is growing closer to Castro . Chavez's detractors in the US government say that it is even more troubling that Chavez's arms purchases and indoctrination of civilian militias could be part of a strategy to restructure Venezuelan democracy in the image of Cuban-style militarized socialism and foment leftist revolutions throughout South America . US military strategists say they are increasingly concerned that radical movements inspired by Chavez could foment such revolution . The political mainstream in Latin America has shifted leftward since the late 1990s . This leftward shift is largely in reaction to the perceived failure of free-market economics . Leftists have been elected to lead Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Ecuador and Venezuela . Chavez's supporters at home counter that the United States has a century-long history of open as well as covert armed intervention in Latin America's domestic politics and say that it has no right to question Venezuela's defense preparations . Carlos Roque Espinoza Leon said that Venezuelans never ask what the US Marines are doing . Espinoza Leon is a pro-Chavez defense specialist who serves in Venezuela's National Assembly . Espinoza said that Peru has 500000 rifles and no one says anything . Espinoza said no one complains that Colombia is the most militarized country in Latin America . Espinoza said US history is full of aggression in Latin America . Espinoza said Venezuelans have to do whatever is necessary to protect Venezuela . Chavez has famously said that the Venezuelan so-called Bolivarian revolution is peaceful but not unarmed . Chavez was first elected in 980000 and has a popularity rating of 71 percent in an independent poll by polling firm Datanalisis . Venezuelan military analyst Alberto Garrido said Chavez is looking for allies in Russia, China, and Iran in order to promote a multi-polar world which will counteract US dominance and encourage grassroots Movements in Latin America to throw off US governmental influence . Lorenzo Campos is a farmer in Anzoategui state in northern Venezuela and is training as a reservist . Campos said Venezuelans want the world to know that Venezuelans are not preparing to attack anyone and that the mission is to protect Venezuela . In May, Chavez's government announced details in 050500 of an $18.6 million deal with a Russian firm to purchase 100000 AK-103 assault rifles with 30 rounds of ammunition each and the technology transfer for Venezuela to manufacture the rifles . The deal works out to $186.22 per rifle . This price is considerably less costly than the US mail-order price of $825 to $850 for the same weapon . The Government of Venezuela also intends to buy 10 Russian helicopters, 10 Spanish transport planes, and 6 Spanish naval craft . Venezuelan officials say the government is negotiating with Brazil to buy around 24 air support and training planes . Chavez has insisted and even his staunchest retired military Critics here agree that the purchases are essential to update old weaponry such as the military's decades-old Belgian FAL rifles . Retired General Fernando OCHOA ANTICH said that it is an exaggeration to say Chavez is engaged in an arms buildup . Ochoa was defense minister in 920000 when then-Lieutenant Colonel Chavez launched a failed coup . Ochoa stated that Venezuela hasn't purchased arms in 25 years and said and Chavez is not aggressively buying weapons in a way that would threaten his neighbors . Ochoa said Venezuela has never bought Russian arms before and suggested Chavez is doing it to become independent from the US . Ochoa asked why Chavez is buying a caliber of rifle which is popular among subversive forces in Latin America and stated that the political support Chavez gives to radical leftist movements makes Chavez a continental menace . The US Pentagon has openly questioned what Chavez will do with the old FAL rifles and whether Chavez might share weapons or ammunition with guerrilla forces in Latin America . The US government has provided no evidence of Chavez arming or funding leftist insurgencies . Military analysts and specialists on the Colombian FARC guerrillas say the rebels have plenty of money for weapons from drug trafficking and would not be interested in old Belgian rifles or in assistance from Chavez . A 030000 study published by the US Defense Intelligence Agency reported that more than half of the weapons seized from Colombian guerrillas from 980000 to 010000 that had markings of foreign militaries were of Venezuelan origin . The implication was that corrupt or sympathetic members of the Venezuelan military may be aiding guerrillas . Perhaps more distressing to Chavez's domestic opponents is the ideological training that critics say Chavez has in mind for the military and for new civilian reservists . Chavez called earlier in 050000 for so-called Revolutionary units to start preparing the public to resist a superpower aggressor and said the first step would be to train from 100000 to 2 million volunteers in the coming years to back up active-duty armed forces . Military analysts estimate Venezuela's active-duty armed forces number 83,000 . People's defense units would be created in neighborhoods, State companies, and the Free University established under Chavez and would report directly to the president . The government insists the reserves will support the armed forces and not act as a fifth column against a possible anti-Chavez coup . Espinoza said the reserves are not to be used as shock troops for any political party and that if there were a civil war, it would be up to each person to take their own side . General Julio Ramon Quintero viloria is commander of the reserves . Quintero said in an interview that the armed forces hope to train 50000 civilians over 20 weekends in the second half of 050000 and could train 300000 more in 060000 . Quintero said that Venezuelans don't want to be the colony of any empire and have to be ready for any possibility . 100000 reservists in 050600 engaged with the Venezuelan navy in a massive war game to repel a stronger country that had invaded . 40 employees of the state oil company participated in a similar exercise with 1200 soldiers in 050600 . Pro-Chavez circles here warn of asymmetrical warfare . Asymmetrical warfare is a term coined by US military strategists to describe a conflict between unequal combatants where the weaker side employs guerrilla tactics . The US government has given $3.3 billion in mostly military aid to Colombia in the past 5 years . Chavez loyalists fear that the US government could instigate a proxy war between Colombia and Venezuela as a way to oust Chavez and control Venezuelan oil . A senior US official in an interview dismissed the notion that the United States Government wants to invade Venezuela as complete and utter nonsense . The official said the chavista side wishes to make the relationship negative because they've made a political calculation that Mr. Chavez reached power by constantly being in confrontation with the US . Another development that has troubled the United States is Chavez's rollback of military cooperation and joint exercises . The US military had a Cooperation Office for 50 years in a Venezuelan Fort . Chavez shut it down in 040000 . 5 US military trainers and students participating in an exchange program were ordered to leave the country in 050400 . Analysts say that it is likely Chavez is trying to indoctrinate his public and armed forces . Analysts say that there is no proof that Chavez will use those forces to aid leftist revolutions elsewhere .
 Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill stated on 18 June 2007 that the North Korean government may be prepared to begin shutting down a plutonium producing reactor in June 2007 as the first step toward disabling the Unit by December 2007 . Hill is the head American negotiator on North Korea's nuclear weapons program . Hill stated stalled efforts to dismantle North Korea's nuclear weapons program could move ahead after the weekend of 16 June 2007 and 17 June 2007 when Pyongyang officials invited inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to visit for talks on verifying and monitoring a shutdown . Following talks with Chinese negotiator Wu Dawei Hill stated the shutdown has long been anticipated . Hill stated the shutdown could occur in a matter of weeks not months . The Associated Press reported from Vienna, Austria that the IAEA stated on 18 June 2007 that a team would visit Pyongyang the week of 24 June 2007 to discuss the manner in which inspectors will verify the shutdown . Hill stated IAEA inspectors will hold talks with Pyongyang officials on sealing the reactor which would include the installation of television monitors at the site . North Korean officials refused to proceed with a February 2007 agreement to begin decommissioning the Yongbyon reactor until funds worth 25 million dollars in accounts linked to North Korea held in a Macao Bank were transferred to North Korea . The money was frozen when officials from the United States accused the Banco Delta Asia of complicity in financial crimes on behalf of North Korea . The funds were wired on 14 June 2007 to the New York Federal Reserve Bank after months of disagreement over the method of returning the funds . The funds were to be sent to Russia's Central Bank before a transfer to an account controlled by the North Korea government in a Russian commercial bank . Hill stated talks will occur the week of 17 June 2007 with disarmament negotiators from Russia, South Korea and Japan on steps to recoup some of the time lost while the financial transfer was being organized . The discussions will also involve setting a timetable for resumption of 6-nation arms control talks . Under the agreement reached in February 2007 North Korean officials pledged to shut down the Yongbyon reactor and allow inspectors to verify and monitor the shutdown in return for a 50000-ton shipment of fuel oil . North Korean officials will declare all nuclear programs and disable all facilities in return for a further 950000 tons of fuel oil in the next phase of the Agreement . Hill stated the technical possibility of concluding the next phase of the agreement by December 2007 .
 On 27 August 2007 Iran and the U.N.'s International Atomic Energy Agency released a plan for resolving issues by December 2007 . The issues have been unresolved for 4 years . The plan is meant to allay suspicions about Iran's past nuclear activities . Agency officials stated that the plan is a breakthrough . On 28 August 2007 at a news conference in Tehran Iranian President Mahmoud ahmadinejad stated that -- . investigation into Iran's nuclear activities is now closed . No other member of the International Atomic Energy Agency has cooperated as well as Iran . Iran is a nuclear nation . Iran has the nuclear fuel cycle . Iran will not succumb to international pressure to curb Iran's nuclear projects . Iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes . The United States and some European nations believe that Iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons . Several Western Governments and leading arms control experts stated that Iran is attempting to avoid further punishment by the U.N. Security Council . The Western Governments include the United States and France . The Governments and experts believe that Iran is attempting to -- . slow the arms control process . avoid answering questions about Iran's past treaty violations . Physicist and President of the Institute for Science and International Security David Albright stated that -- . There is no way to verify Iran's claims . The International Atomic Energy Agency has no access to people, documents, sites . The International Atomic Energy Agency loses the right to ask further questions in the future . The unusual development sets a bad precedent . The International Atomic Energy Agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan announced that -- . Iran resolved questions about Iran's past experiments with plutonium with no explanation how . Senior Fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies mark Fitzpatrick stated that -- . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan is superficial . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan draws out negotiations for many months . The International Atomic Energy Agency plan could leave the International Atomic Energy Agency with incomplete and misleading answers from Iran . The International Institute for Strategic Studies is located in London . Plutonium is a material that can be used to make nuclear weapons . The Institute for Science and International Security is a private research organization located in Washington . The International Atomic Energy Agency is based in Vienna .
 A list from the Nuclear Suppliers Group shows that Iran has been denied purchases of nuclear-related materials approximately 75 times since 1998 because of suspicions the purchases could have been used for building bombs . The 45-nation Nuclear Suppliers Group is an offshoot of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and is charged with monitoring international trade to ensure that nuclear technology transferred for peaceful purposes is not directed to military use . The Nuclear Suppliers Group is composed of technologically advanced countries . According to the Nuclear Suppliers Group's mission statement countries act on an individual basis to block trades that violate export controls devised to maintain international cooperation on peaceful uses of nuclear energy . The Nuclear Suppliers Group has no enforcement power beyond notifying companies of violating the group's guidelines . The Nuclear Suppliers Group keeps data private and meets largely in secret . Most of the denials of purchase have occurred since 2002 and have resulted from interventions by members of the Nuclear Suppliers Group . The list of trade denials was made available by a diplomat from a country interested in exposing the extent of Iranian efforts to acquire so-called dual-use items that can be converted to weapons production . The list was made available on condition that neither the diplomat nor the diplomat's country be identified . The list names companies from Australia, Finland, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates and Iran that were prevented from carrying out deals because the items being sold were suspected of being militarily useful . The listed items being offered for sale in the blocked deals included Nickel powder, petrochemical plant components, compressors, furnaces, steel flanges and fittings, electron microscopes, radiometric ore-sorting machines, valves and tubing, lasers, a rotary drilling rig, a mass spectrometer and a nitrogen production plant . The Iranian end users included the Government of Iran and Iran's Atomic Energy Organization, power companies, engineering, petrochemical and oil-refining and gas companies, aircraft industries, schools, universities, engine manufacturers, mineral research centers, a helicopter support company and a plasma physics center . The diplomat stated the 75 denials represented actions by only 7 of the 45 member States . The diplomat stated the actual number of denials of sales of dual-use products to Iran is probably much higher than 75 . Western diplomats stated that the government in Tehran uses front companies to receive and convert technology to weapons production without being detected as the standoff with Iran over Iran's nuclear program has continued . Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty but not a member of the Nuclear Suppliers Group .
 On 8 August 2008 Russia conducted airstrikes on Georgian targets . The airstrikes escalated conflict in a separatist area of Georgia . The conflict is a test of Russia's power and military reach . Earlier on 8 August 2008 Russian troops and armored vehicles entered South Ossetia . Presence of Russian troops supported the separatist area in its bitter conflict with Georgia . The U.S., other Western nations and NATO condemned the violence . The U.S., other Western nations and NATO demanded a cease-fire . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice demanded Russia withdraw its forces . Russian soldiers remained in Georgia . Georgian officials report there was at least 1 airstrike on the Black Sea port of Poti late on 8 August 2008 . Russia and Georgia showed no indication of relenting . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin stated that war has started . Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili accused Russia of a well-planned invasion . Georgia mobilized military reserves . On 8 August 2008 Georgian government web sites crashed intermittently . The crashes are signs of a cyber-warfare campaign against Georgia . The dispute could renew a sustained conflict in the Caucasus region . The Caucus region is an important conduit for the flow of oil from the Caspian Sea to world markets . Conflict in the caucus region has lasted for years along Russia's borders . The conflict has taken place most recently in Chechnya . Russia's military incursion into Georgia indicates Russia's confidence and resolve . Russia's military incursion provided a test of the capacities of the Russian military . Putin attempted to modernize and re-equip the Russian military during his 2 presidential terms . Earlier in 2008 Russia announced it was broadly expanding support for the separatist regions . Georgia labeled Russia's support an act of annexation . Throughout 8 August 2008 reports conflicted about whether Georgian or Russian forces had won control of Tskhinvali . Late on 8 August 2008 it was unclear whether ground combat had taken place between Russian and Georgian soldiers or had been limited to fighting between separatists and Georgian forces . Tskhinvali is the capital of Georgia . Georgia is mountainous . Georgia is a rebel province .
 The official website of Iraq's Shiite religious leader the Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani was defaced and blocked in a sectarian-motivated cyber attack on Shiite-related sites . It was not clear whether the attack began on 18 September 2008 or the morning of 19 September 2008 . By the evening of 19 September 2008 Al-Sistani's website was offline . Another website related to 1 of Al-Sistani's religious organizations, www.al-shia.com, was also affected . An alternative address, www.sistani.com, was still operational . Iranian News Agency Fars stated that group XP had blocked access to approximately 300 Shiite-related sites on 18 September 2008 and 19 September 2008 . Neither the hacking claim nor an Iranian assertion that group XP was based in the United Arab Emirates could be verified independently . Several Iranian news sites stated on 19 September 2008 that many of the Shiite and Iran-related web sites that had been attacked were running normally again . A statement signed group XP was posted on the home page of Al-Sistani's web site and stated that the attack was on behalf of Sunni Muslims . The statement said -- . Group XP had carried out similar attacks on other Shiite sites in the Persian Gulf and Iraq . Group XP erased the site as group XP has done with other Rafidha sites . Rafidha means rejecters and is an insult used by Sunni extremists to describe Shiites . Al-Sistani promoted sexual deviance and an Iranian agenda in Iraq as Al-Sistani was born in Iran . Any website with material that was contrary to Sunni teachings would be punished . The statement also consisted of a youtube video clip of American comedian bill Maher ridiculing a fatwa by Al-Sistani on whether certain positions of sexual intercourse were permitted for married couples . The ayatollah's office in Najaf declined to comment on the cyber attack . Fars reported that a counterattack had been carried out against 2 major Wahhabi web sites which belong to puritanical strain of Sunni Islam that is dominant in Saudi Arabia .
 On 08 October 2008 Maritime officials and associates of the Somali pirates who on 25 September 2008 hijacked a Ukrainian freighter carrying a large cargo of arms stated that the pirates may soon be collecting their ransom . After difficult negotiations likened by several people involved to bazaar-style haggling the parties are close to reaching a deal in which the pirates would be paid millions of dollars and the ship freed . A businessman in xarardheere, Somalia named Ahmed Omar stated that the pirates and the ship owners have agreed on a ransom of approximately 8 million U.S. dollars and the ship may be freed on 08 October 2008 or 09 October 2008 . Xarardheere is a notorious pirate base on the coast of Somalia . Maritime officials in Kenya stated that critical details have yet to be agreed upon . One such detail involves the pirates' request for a guarantee that they would not be arrested or attacked by the armada of American warships currently encircling them . A Kenyan maritime official stated anonymously that such negotiations are complex and involve more than the financial aspect . On 08 October 2008 the official stated that progress is being made and the parties are approaching an agreement . The pirates initially requested 35 million U.S. dollars and then reduced their request to 20 million U.S. dollars . The pirates have consistently expressed willingness to negotiate the financial figures . More than 25 ships have been hijacked in 2008 off the Somalia coast with a typical ransom of between 1 and 2 million U.S. dollars . The pirates aboard the Ukrainian ship have stated that upon receipt of payment in American dollars and preferably in 100 dollar bills the ship, its cargo and the 20 sailors on board will be released . The original country of destination for the arms shipment aboard the Ukrainian ship is being questioned . Shortly after the freighter was hijacked on 25 September 2008 the Kenyan government claimed that the weapons on board were being shipped for Kenya's military . The ship was en route to Kenya's main port of Mombasa . The weapons on board the ship included 33 T-72 tanks, 150 grenade launchers, 6 anti-aircraft guns and a large quantity of ammunition . Evidence has subsequently emerged that the weapons were part of a clandestine arms deal between Kenya and the separatist region of southern Sudan . The deal would most likely have remained secret had the pirates not hijacked the ship and begun speaking to the media by satellite phone . Ukrainian officials have been adamant in denying any wrongdoing . Ukrainian diplomat in Kenya oleh belokolos stated -- . Ukraine does not supply or have plans to supply any armaments to the Government of South Sudan . All the appropriate paperwork has been validated . Ukraine abides by all United Nations rules and arms control agreements . Ukraine inherited enormous stockpiles of weaponry after the collapse of the Soviet Union and is now a major arms dealer . The deal with Ukraine is considered suspicious given that Kenya has mostly relied on the United Kingdom and other western countries for its supply of heavy weapons . Kenyan politicians were demanding answers and have called for several commissions to examine the situation . Southern Sudan is an autonomous region that is currently increasing its military and that uses Soviet-designed tanks . The American military stated that its priority is to ensure that the weapons were not unloaded from the ship and sold to Islamist insurgents in Somalia . The pirates have denied interest in the weapons and claimed to have been unaware that the cargo included tanks when they hijacked the ship . Pirate spokesman sugule Ali stated in an interview last week that the pirates' sole interest in the deal is money .
 Head of the U.N. drug office Antonio Maria Costa said that Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban are cutting back poppy cultivation and stockpiling raw opium in an effort to support prices and preserve a major source of financing for the insurgency . Costa said this to reporters last week as the U.N. Drug Office Office prepared to release its latest survey of Afghanistan's opium crop . The survey showed that poppy cultivation had retreated in much of Afghanistan and was overwhelmingly concentrated in 7 of 34 provinces where the insurgency remains strong, most of those in the south . The survey was issued November 27, 2008 . The United Nations found that the result was a 19 percent reduction in the amount of land devoted to opium in Afghanistan even though the total tonnage of opium produced dropped by just 6 percent . The study stated that the high output per acre was attributed to a good growing season in the south . The southern region is a heavily irrigated area where the Taliban maintained a strong presence in 5 provinces and have systematically encouraged opium cultivation as a way to finance their insurgency for several years . The U.N. estimates the insurgents made as much as 300 million dollars from the opium trade last year . Costa said a lot of war effort can be funded with 2 to 300 million dollars . The Taliban have producing an amount of opium that far exceeds world demand due to 3 successive years of bumper crops . Costa said the result was a glut that was depressing the price, which dropped by approximately 20 percent . Costa said that the fact that prices had not collapsed already was evidence that the Taliban, drug lords and even some farmers have stockpiled the opium . An increasing amount is also being processed in Afghanistan . Costa added that insurgents have been holding significant amounts of opium . Costa said the surplus is as much as 11000 tons, or more than twice world demand in the last 3 years and threatened to devalue their stockpiles . The United Nations found that Afghanistan produced 8500 tons of opium in 2008 . World demand was estimated at about 4400 tons per year . The Taliban this year are taking a passive stance toward cultivation and putting less pressure on Afghan farmers to plant opium poppy . This then supports the current price . Costa is an Italian diplomat who has served at the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime for 6 years .
 On 011006 The Citizen newspaper stated that it is illegal for South Africans to be involved in mercenary activity or to render foreign military assistance inside or outside of South Africa . The Citizen newspaper stated that the South African Foreign Ministry announced on 011005 that the South African government imposed the mercenary activity ban following reports that 1000 Muslims with military training have enlisted to leave South Africa for Afghanistan to fight for the Taliban against the United States . A report claims that Muslims Against Illegitimate Leaders has claimed that the 1000 Muslim men with military training have volunteered their services and have received the backing of local businessmen . Reports claim that all of the 1000 Muslim men with military training are over the age of 18 . Muslims Against Illegitimate Leaders is a Cape Town-based group . The report was refuted by the Muslim Judicial Council . South Africa's Foreign Ministry stated that South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of South Africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance . South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act means that no person is allowed to offer military assistance to any State, organ of State, group or other country, unless permission is granted by the National Conventional Arms Control Committee . South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act means that foreign military assistance could be rendered only in accordance with an agreement approved by the National Conventional Arms Control Committee . The South African Foreign Ministry stated that any person found in violation of South Africa's Foreign Military Assistance Act or any person that fails to receive permission to participate in foreign military activities could be prosecuted and sentenced to a fine, imprisonment or both .
 On 1 July 2002 former Peruvian spy chief during the government of ex-president Alberto Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was convicted of illegally taking control of the National Intelligence Service when Montesinos was supposed to be only an adviser to the spy agency . Montesinos was sentenced to 9 years and 4 months in prison for abuse of authority . The sentence also ordered Montesinos pay a fine of 3 million dollars as compensation to the State . Anti-corruption judge Saul Pena stated Montesinos has admitted to the abuse of authority charge . This is the first ruling of more than 50 charges against Montesinos which include corruption, drug trafficking, illegal arms deals and human rights violations . Montesinos is alleged to run a network of bribes . A leaked videotape showed Montesinos bribing a congressman to switch to the government party and triggered events that culminated in Fujimori's resignation in November 2000 . Fujimori is accused of dereliction of duty and embezzlement and has been in self-imposed exile in Japan since resigning to avoid the legal action from the Peruvian authorities under the protection of dual nationality . Montesinos fled Peru in October 2000 but was captured in Venezuela on 23 June 2001 . Montesinos heard the sentence at the Callao Naval Base where Montesinos has been imprisoned since 2001 . Montesinos stated Montesinos would consult with a defense lawyer to appeal .
 Recently, the Hong Kong police have smashed a transnational theft syndicate, a cross-boundary criminal syndicate and a local triad gang specializing in exploiting youngsters to commit various crimes . The Oriental Daily News opined that the recent Hong Kong police efforts to cut down 5 of the so-called Triad branch leaders or district team leaders within a short 3-week period demonstrates the police's determination to eradicate criminal activities . The Hong Kong police recently has been working closely with the Guangdong Public Security Bureau for exchange of intelligence and has carried out a series of raids and operations . During 020718-020724 the Hong Kong police cracked down on triad activities, including drug trafficking, illegal arms possession, theft, burglary and robbery, the selling of pirated and obscene recordings, dutiable cigarettes and trafficking in dangerous drugs . On 020724 the police dispatched over 100 staff reportedly stormed a propitiation dance and wine party organized to settle some disputes by 2 triad groups at a disco nightclub in mongkok, Kowloon . The police eventually arrested 3 branch leaders and 14 core Triad members . Police sources confirmed to the Xinhua New Agency on 020725 that all 17 arrested are still being detailed for questioning . Hong Kong police sources were quoted as saying that the success of the operation in netting all 17 was the result of the police's effort to infiltrate into the relevant gangs here . Police sources also intimated that more crackdowns by the Hong Kong Police on other Triad gangs will follow . The Hong Kong police's effort in fighting organized criminals involves actively cooperating with police on the Chinese mainland and in other regions . The first so-called targeting Conference of the International Drug Enforcement Conference (IDEC) far east region was held in Hong Kong earlier in 020700 . Hong Kong was chosen to host the event following the decision of the IDEC meeting held in Bolivia in 020200 . Some 42 senior anti-narcotics officers from the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Australia, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and the United States met . The Hong Kong police's internal news letter recently reported that the conference aimed to provide a flexible and forward-thinking environment for sharing information and taking positive action against the organized criminals of transnational drug trafficking . The Hong Kong police's exchange of intelligence with the police on the Chinese mainland has been particularly intense . An 11-member delegation from mainland China's National Narcotics Control Commission visited Hong Kong recently to study how the police here enforce their anti-narcotics laws . The 11-person team was chaired by the Deputy Director of Bureau of narcotics control of the Chinese Ministry of Public Security Chen cunyi and was briefed by the Hong Kong Police as led by Hong Kong's head of narcotics bureau Ip Lau Chuen on enforced actions carried out in Hong Kong . The Hong Kong police and China's National Narcotics Control Commission also exchanged mutual concerns and discussed a number of issues which included investigations to counter drug trafficking and money laundering activities . The mainland party closed their visit after meeting with Hong Kong's deputy assistant commissioner for crime Yam TAT wing and held discussions on a proposal to further cooperate in combating cross-boundary drug trafficking activities .
 A document signed by a former high-ranking officer of the Peruvian army and disclosed on 020725 mentions links with drug trafficking and could further compromise the situation of the former head of the National Intelligence Service of Peru Vladimiro Montesinos . A front-page story in Peru's national daily El Comercio said Montesinos could have authorized the military leadership at Alto Huallaga to deal in drugs so as to find the leaders of the rebel group shinning path and the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement . Alto Huallaga is located northeast of the capital Lima . The story is based on the final report of the Attorney General' s office . The Attorney General' s Office report collected an accusatory document handed over by an unnamed Peruvian army general . El Comercio said that in 920000 the government of then-president Alberto Fujimori put into effect the intelligence operation Scorpion to fight terrorism and drug trafficking in the Amazon region . As part of the SCORPION plan several agents infiltrated into the groups to gather information on the main rebel and drug-trafficking commanders . There also were additional orders for transporting cocaine as a cover for the agents . Montesinos was a close adviser to former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori . Fujimori resigned in 001100 over a bribery scandal and is now imprisoned in Lima for alleged connection with the scandal .
 A Kathmandu police officer reports -- . 1 soldier of the Royal Nepal Army was seriously injured on 29 August 2002 when a bomb disposal team attempted to defuse the bomb left at an electricity pole in okubahal near Sundhara in Lalitpur district in Kathmandu . Anti-government insurgents are believed to have planted the bomb . The injured soldier has been admitted to the army hospital in Kathmandu . There is no report of any other damage or casualty in the incident . This is the second bomb explosion in Kathmandu since the morning of 28 August 2002 when a bomb exploded at bishalbazar supermarket in the heart of the city . The explosion damaged the windowpanes of approximately a dozen shops and injured 2 customers . A state of emergency expired the evening of 28 August 2002 and the Nepali government has not yet decided to re-impose it .
 20020828 a nine month long nationwide state of emergency in Nepal expired . Violence by anti-government insurgents across Nepal has escalated and bomb threats and explosions have occurred throughout the country . At least 5 major bomb incidents occurred in the Kathmandu Valley 20020828-20020904 . 20020828 a bomb exploded at a supermarket in the center of Kathmandu city, injuring 2 . 20020829 in Lalitpur district, Kathmandu valley 1 soldier was killed by a bomb . After 20020829 2 separate bomb incidents occurred at the municipality in Lalitpur district and a shop in Kathmandu city . 20020904 a bomb exploded at the Kathmandu metropolitan office . Outside the Kathmandu Valley anti-government guerrillas have murdered many activists from the ruling Nepali Congress party and others and burned or bombed several buildings . An underground insurgent leader stated in an interview with the English language daily newspaper The Kathmandu Post that insurgents would comprehensively and violently disrupt mid-term parliamentary elections on 20021113 . 20020829 the British Embassy to Nepal warned British nationals of increasing anti-government offensives and advised them to avoid areas cordoned off by Nepali security personnel . The embassy stated that intelligence assessments suggest that anti-government guerrillas may be preparing an urban campaign to complement their rural activities . The US State Department stated that after recent bombings US citizens and interests are at heightened risk from anti-government insurgents in Nepal, particularly outside the Kathmandu Valley . 20020903 the US State Department publicly stated that anti-government insurgents plan new violence before the general strike declared for 20020916 . The Nepali government is considering re-imposition of the state of emergency to maintain law and order . Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba stated that Deuba would consult with concerned persons and political parties on the possible extension of the state of emergency . Due to the tension Deuba aborted a planned trip to Johannesburg for the World Summit on Sustainable Development and returned immediately to Nepal after a nine-day visit to Europe . 20011126 the Nepali government imposed a stated of emergency when anti-government guerrillas unilaterally defied 4 month long cease-fire negotiations with the Government and attacked army barracks and police posts .
 State-run Radio Nepal reported on 20 October 2002 that at least 3 policemen were killed and 19 others wounded the evening of 19 October 2002 when their vehicle was ambushed by anti-government guerrillas in western Nepal . Radio Nepal quoted a security official as stating -- . 3 police personnel including an inspector and a sub-inspector were killed when 2 police vehicles were moving towards Tikapur area in Kailali district in search of the guerrillas . The policemen killed and wounded were all in the first vehicle . The driver of the vehicle was also killed in the ambush . 5 police personnel are still missing . The wounded police personnel were brought to Kathmandu and Nepalgunj for treatment and additional security personnel were mobilized in the area to defend against the guerrillas . Anti-government insurgents have increased their violent activities across the Himalayan kingdom since the 9-month-long nationwide state of emergency expired at the end of August 2002 . The Nepali government initiated peace talks with the guerrillas in August 2001 in order to find a peaceful solution to the guerrilla insurgency that has killed more than 5000 people including policemen, guerrilla members and civilians since it began in the Himalayan kingdom in 1996 . The 3 rounds of talks held were inconclusive as the guerrillas demanded the establishment of a republican State, an interim government and a new constitution, which the Nepali government rejected . More than 3700 guerrillas and hundreds of security personnel have been killed since the Nepali government imposed the state of emergency on 26 November 2001 following a series of attacks by the guerrillas on government security forces after the guerrillas broke 4-month-long cease-fire talks with the government on 23 November 2001 .
 Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan stated on 23 November 2002 that the member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) have progressed in the construction of the Organization and the cooperation among member nations . Tang and 5 foreign ministers from Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan will meet in Moscow on 23 November 2002 for discussions of the SCO's construction and a series of international and regional issues . Tang stated that mechanism construction is the current focus for SCO and that preparation work for creating a secretariat had entered a key stage under the joint efforts of coordinators and experts from the 6 countries . Tang also stated the Chinese government seeks to complete the drafting of relevant documents before next year's SCO summit and to attempt to officially open the secretariat after the summit . Tang stated the SCO still faces a very stern anti-terrorism fight and cited the October 2002 hostage crisis in Moscow . Tang stated the fact that the terrorist attack in Moscow was masterminded by national separatists and regional extremists demonstrated the necessity and correctness of efforts in reducing the 3-forces of terrorism, separatism and extremism . Tang stated that all SCO members should deepen and expand security cooperation by adopting deals on jointly fighting against the 3-forces and terrorist organizations and by creating a regional anti-terrorist organization in Kyrgyz capital Bishkek as soon as possible . Tang stated that the Chinese government appreciated and supported some Central Asian countries' proposals on enhancing anti-drug cooperation . Tang stated that the Chinese Government signed multilateral anti-drug cooperation pact . Tang stated anti-drug measures as one of the top tasks of regional anti-terrorist organizations . Tang stated that economic cooperation is a key area for cooperation between the SCO members, stating -- . To gain substantial benefits from economic and trade cooperation, all Member States should strengthen political common sense over economic and trade cooperation and regard economic and trade cooperation as a strategic problem that could affect regional security and the SCO's development . Tang also referenced a volatile world situation and stated that the common and pressing task of all SCO members is to manage threats from untraditional security spheres including terrorism, drug trafficking, weapons smuggle, transnational monetary crimes . Tang stated that peace and development still dominate the current age as the general situation of the world is stable and the economy is developing forward in waves . Tang stated that the international community was watching the organization closely as more countries and international organizations were willing to conduct dialogues and cooperation with the SCO . Tang stated that the SCO should further enhance the exchange and cooperation with other parties through wider visibility and a more positive post, which may not only strengthen SCO's international influence but also reflect SCO's principles of no-alignment, not-against-a-third-party and opening-up . Tang stated that the SCO will pass a temporary pact on SCO's foreign policies at the meeting on 23 November 2002 . Tang stated that the pact will officially start the SCO's exchange activities with other organizations and promote the Shanghai-spirit of mutual trust and benefit, equality, cooperation, multicultural respect and the search for common development .
 United Nations arms inspectors on December 28, 2002 visited 7 sites in Iraq in order to search for prohibited weapons of mass destruction according to spokesman Hiro Ueki . A team of biological experts from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission visited the Yaffa juice plant of the National Food Industries Co. in Baghdad's zafaraniyah industrial area . The Yaffa juice plant is self-financed, has a mixed ownership and is a previously declared and monitored site due to the presence of some dual-use equipment . A biological team returned to the Al Kindi veterinary vaccines site as a follow-up to the previous inspection carried out on December 22, 2002 . Some United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission missile experts conducted an unannounced visit to the Al qaib warhead-filling factory in the Al Qa Qaa complex which undertakes filling of warheads of Al Samoud and Al Fatah missiles . A United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission chemical team with support from the missile and biological teams inspected the Ibn Younis center, which was a mechanical design establishment in Baghdad . The site was located within a large compound occupied by other companies and institutions including a regional office of the ruling bath Party and the whole compound was inspected by the United Nations arms experts according to Hiro Ueki . On December 28, 2002 other inspectors carried out field operations separately in the Hadre Air Force munitions test site near Mosul which is about 400 kilometers north of Baghdad and two private trading companies . Currently there are 105 inspectors in Iraq, 99 of whom are from the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission and six from the International Atomic Energy Agency . The inspectors must give a first report to the United Nations Security Council about Iraq's weapons programs by January 27, 2003 .
 On 28 April 2003 France offered India long-term military cooperation on joint development, technology transfer and sale of high-tech weapons systems . France and India will sign an estimated 2 billion US dollar deal for manufacture in India under licensed production of 6 advanced diesel-propelled Scorpene submarines . French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie conducted security dialogue with Indian leaders . Alliot-Marie stated that -- . International cooperation is necessary especially after the recent war in Iraq . France wants to deepen the intensity of its defense relations with India . France will upgrade the weapon systems that France sold to India and maintain them at optimal operational use . France offered the sale of its upgraded Mirage 2002-5 to India along with technology transfer and thermal imagers for India's Russia-made T-72 and T-90 tanks and angular determination system for artillery . France agreed to -- . string high-intensity mines on the line of control in Kashmir . check cross-border terrorism . upgrade fire control systems of Indian tanks . Before delegation-level talks on 28 April 2003 Alliot-Marie had a 1-to-1 meeting with Indian Defense Minister George Fernandes . Alliot-Marie arrived on Sunday .
 French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin said on 030624 that the French Government considers the crackdown of the Iranian armed opposition group the People's Mujahedeen as part of the operations against terrorism . At French radio France Info de Villepin said that the People's Mujahedeen Organization has claimed responsibility for numerous attacks in Iran and said that this dimension of terrorism can not be hidden . De Villepin said that the arrests were a decision of justice and that there is no diplomatic factor in this affair . De Villepin said the French had acted strictly on the basis of justice and with the determination to make all efforts to fight terrorism . The headquarters of the People's Mujahedeen in northwest Paris was raided by the French police 030622 . The People's Mujahedeen accused the French authorities of carrying out the operation as part of a deal with the Iranian government . This claim the Iranian government has denied . 17 Mujahedeen members are now under judicial investigation for alleged links to a terrorist organization and for funding terrorist activities . Some 160 people were initially detained in the police crackdown of over 10 of the People's Mujahedeen's locations in France . A Paris map with streets related to the United States Embassy marked out, bulletproof jackets, transmission equipment, more than 200 computers and about 9 million US dollars in cash were seized during the police raids . The People's Mujahedeen has been classified by the United States, the European Union and Iran as a terrorist organization . The People's Mujahedeen was formed in the 1960s by college-educated young Iranians and was described as an Islamic leftist Organization . The People's Mujahedeen staged terrorist attacks inside Iran in the 1970s and killed several US military personnel and civilians working on defense projects in Teheran . The People's Mujahedeen was part of the broad coalition that initially supported the Iranian Revolution and participated in the takeover in 790000 of the US embassy in Teheran . The People's Mujahedeen fell out with the Government and has built military bases in Iraq and political bases in Europe since the 1980s . The People's Mujahedeen in recent years claimed responsibility for the assassination of several persons in the Iranian regime . These assassinations include that of the Teheran Evin prison's former director assodalah Ladjevardi in August 980800 and of former Commandant in chief of the Iranian army General Ali Sayad Chirazi in 990400 .
 Australian Government is hesitating at using Australian military to intercept the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)' s vessels suspected of trafficking weapons or drugs . Australian Prime Minister John Howard was quoted on 9 July 2003 by the Australian Associated Press as stating that the Australian government is not at this stage considering military contributions . Howard stated the Australian government is considering ways and means of dealing with a very big problem and the Australian Government must choose descriptors and words sensibly because the Australian government is dealing with a volatile issue and a country that is not operating according to Convention . Howard referenced future talks with Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and South Korean President Roh Woo-hyun on the issue when Howard visits the region during the week of 14 July 2003 . American government has recently formed a proliferation security initiative that consists of 11 members . The Proliferation Security Initiative started a meeting 9 July 2003 in Brisbane . Members of the Proliferation Security Initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction . The American government has reportedly suggested the Australian military could be involved in stopping nations from transporting weapons both on the high seas and through Australian territorial waters .
 The South African Press Association reported on 031108 that the Brazilian President Lula da Silva arrived in Pretoria, South Africa on the evening of 031107 for bilateral political and economic discussions scheduled for the morning of 031108 with South African President Thabo Mbeki . The discussions will be held in Pretoria, South Africa . South African foreign affairs spokeswoman manusha Pillay stated that Lula da Silva's aircraft landed at Waterkloof Air Force base shortly after 1730 Greenwich Mean Time . Lula da Silva's visit to South Africa follows the second meeting of the South Africa-Brazil Joint Commission held in Pretoria in 030500 . The Joint Commission was jointly chaired by South African Foreign Minister Dlamini-Zuma and Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim . Dlamini-Zuma participated in the Brazil-Africa Forum in Fortaleza, Brazil, in 030600 . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that The historic and strategic India-Brazil-South Africa agreement which resulted from the Brazil-Africa Forum had outlined plans for trilateral political and economic cooperation between India, Brazil and South Africa . India, Brazil and South Africa formed part of a group at recent World Trade Organization negotiations, which advocated support for the development agenda of under-developed countries . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that relations between South Africa and Brazil were strategic in the sense that Brazil had the largest population of people of African origin outside the continent of Africa . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that South Africa and Brazil shared opinions on a variety of global issues including the importance of multi-lateralism and the expansion of the United Nations Security Council . Discussions between Lula da Silva and Thabo Mbeki would also address new threats to international security such as terrorism, drugs, illegal weapons trafficking and AIDS . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that Brazil is South Africa's largest trading partner in Latin America . Trade between Brazil and South Africa totaled 696 million United States dollars in 020000 and 296 million United States dollars more in the trade balance going to Brazil . The South African Foreign Affairs Department stated that the South African delegation is to brief the Brazilians on progress with the African Union and the New Partnership for Africa' s development .
 On 040403 visiting French President Jacques Chirac became the first Western leader to visit the top-secret Russian Titov test and control space center . Chirac flew into Krasnoznamernsk for a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the space center . Putin and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov greeted Chirac at the space center some 40 km southwest of Moscow in Krasnoznamernsk . The closed Soviet-era military facility was founded in 570000 and collects and analyzes all information gathered from Russia's military spy satellites . The space center is also involved in launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles and is working on a plan to develop defensive early warning systems . Putin held two-hour meeting with Chirac . Russian Space Forces Commander Lt. Gen. Vladimir Popovkin reported to Chirac and Putin and said it is one of Russia's priorities to expand space cooperation with France . France is a leader in the European Space Agency . Chirac's visit has come while the Russian Government has displayed uneasiness about NATO's latest expansion to the Russian borders and the European Union's imminent enlargement within the former Soviet sphere of influence in Eastern Europe . At the press conference following the meeting Putin said that Russia's activities in defending national security are non-aggressive and not targeted against anyone . The Titov space center is a military facility and is run by Russian space forces and operates under tight security . Putin said Chirac's visit there indicated that Russia is developing the most advanced systems of weapons but finds it possible to acquaint its French partners with these projects . Putin stressed that this points to Russia's transparency and openness in security matters .
 ABS-CBN news channel reported on April 7, 2004 that the Philippine Immigrations Bureau's record showed that at least 2 high-profiled terrorist suspects had most likely been staying in the country . ABS-CBN News Channel stated that one of the two suspects was identified as Isamudin Raduan Hambali . Hambali was allegedly the mastermind of the Bali bombings in 2002 . The Philippine Immigrations Bureau record showed Hambali was allowed to enter and leave the Philippines in 2001 . Hambali was blacklisted as the most wanted terrorist in Asia . Hambali was arrested in Thailand in February 2004 and in 2007 . The Immigrations Bureau stated that they only recently received intelligence reports on Hambali's record in the country . According to the records Osama bin Laden's brother Sheik Mohammed Khalid has been able to travel in and out of the country a number of times . Sheik Mohammed Khalid is allegedly funding terrorist networks in the Philippines . The military and police have been placed on high alert for the holy week starting April 5, 2004 . 6 Abu Sayyaf suspects were captured last week in separate raids in Metro Manila . The suspects' plot to launch terrorist attacks allegedly as devastating as the Madrid bombings in Spain was foiled . President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo said in a statement on April 7, 2004 that the government is closely watching foreigners in the country who may have taught the local rebels and terrorists to make bombs or have laundered money from the al-Qaeda terrorist group . ABS-CBN news channel is a local television station in Manila .
 In an interview with Dieter stolte on 29 April 2004 Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao stated that the governments of China and Germany should establish solid cooperation, enhance consultations on major international issues and further strengthen trade and technological exchanges . Wen was interviewed before his imminent visit to Europe by the publisher of Die Welt . Wen is scheduled to visit 5 European nations including Germany starting 2 May 2004 . Wen stated that the Chinese people are familiar with Germany particularly due to the profound influence of Karl Marx on China's revolution and economic construction . Wen stated that many world-renowned thinkers, writers, philosophers and artists are German . Wen stated that forerunner of German classic philosophy Gottfried leibnitz called China's Confucian thought an influence on the Enlightenment movement in 18th century Germany . Wen stated that the purpose of his visit to Germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges . The governments of China and Germany are expected to further increase cooperation in this regard . Wen spoke of his brief visit to Frankfurt during a tour of Nordic nations in 1988 and stated that the friendship between China and Germany is sincere, active and fruitful . Wen pledged to establish a development goal for Sino-German relations stating that mutual trust constitutes the foundation of bilateral relations . Wen stated that trade between China and Germany has amounted to 41.8 billion U.S. dollars totaling one-third of China-Europe trade volume . Wen stated that both China-German and China-Europe trade are expected to double by 2010 . Wen stated that the governments of China and Germany plan close cooperation in high-tech research and development and among medium and small-sized enterprises . Wen stated that it is important to create channels for settling trade disputes between the 2 countries and that China and Germany should address each other's concerns . China considers Germany the most important trade partner of Europe . To support this statement Wen cited that 600 of the 7000 Chinese enterprises that invest internationally are in Germany . Wen stated that the Government of China will support enterprises which invest in Germany with loans, insurance, foreign exchange, finance and investment . Chinese investment in Germany is much less than German investment in China since China has only recently started investing in this respect . Wen stated that German investment projects in China have exceeded 3500 with total investment near 10 billion U.S. dollars . Some German firms such as Volkswagen, Siemens and Daimler-Chrysler have a reputation for high quality and efficiency . Wen stated that Chinese enterprises can make progress and learn modern management by cooperating with German partners . Wen stated that Germany is China's closest European partner in technology transfer . Wen stated that China considers Sino-EU relations a crucial part of China's diplomatic strategy and that China and Europe developed a comprehensive strategic partnership in 2003 . Wen stated that he was optimistic that the EU would lift the arms embargo on China soon and would give China market economy status . Wen stated that the arms embargo is an outdated result of the cold war . Wen stated that China is deeply concerned with the current situation in Iraq and is sympathetic to the Iraqi people . Wen stated that China and Europe have similar positions on the issue of Iraq's reconstruction . Wen stated that the United Nations should play a dominant role in the process of Iraq's reconstruction and that every country should participate . Wen stated that China is willing to participate in Iraq's reconstruction process . Wen stated that it is easy to win a war but much more difficult to win peace . Wen stated that he is deeply worried about the increasing tension between Palestine and Israel and that the Chinese government hopes the disputes between the 2 countries can be resolved through political negotiation so that the countries can peacefully share land . With regard to the situation in Palestine and Israel Wen stated that relevant UN resolutions must be implemented . Wen stated that the Chinese government supports plans for peace in the Middle East and remains firmly opposed to violent retaliation . When asked to comment on how to temper China's rapidly growing economy and how to realize balanced growth Wen stated that the Chinese economy is very healthy in general with fast growth, increasing corporate profits, improving agricultural production, expanding foreign trade volume and rapidly growing fiscal revenue and individual incomes . In order to restrict the excessive fixed asset construction that caused a rise in capital good prices and strained the supply of coal, electricity, oil and transportation, the Chinese government will increase its macro economic control and employ all necessary administrative methods . Wen stated that the Chinese government will control the loan and land supply and will advance reform in the structural and systematic causes of current economic problems . With regard to the issue of social balance Wen stated that China's new leadership has begun to resolve problems of coordination between urban and rural development and between different regions and has focused on balancing economic growth with social progress, domestic construction with external works, and development with respect for nature . When asked to comment on German Federal Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's promise to support sale of nuclear fuel from Hanau to China Wen stated that cooperation between China and Germany in this field is exclusively for peaceful utilization of nuclear energy with equality and mutual benefits .
 China and Kyrgyzstan agreed in a joint communique that terrorism, separatism and extremism still pose major threats to regional security and stability . The communique was signed by visiting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and his Kyrgyz counterpart Nikolai Tanayev on 040922 . The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan will strengthen coordination and cooperation among the relevant authorities in accordance with the Shanghai Convention on Combating Terrorism, separatism and extremism and the China-Kyrgyzstan Agreement on cooperation in combating terrorism, separatism and extremism . The communique added that China and Kyrgyzstan will continue to adopt strong measures within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) in jointly fighting all forms of terrorism in order to maintain peace and tranquillity in China and Kyrgyzstan and in the region as a whole . China and Kyrgyzstan agree that the crackdown on the terrorist force of Eastern Turkistan is a major part of the international anti-terrorism campaign . The so-called Eastern Turkistan terrorist group comprises a number of secession-minded terrorist cells . The communique said that China and Kyrgyzstan agree to promote consultations and cooperation on issues of common concern within the framework of the United Nations and other international organizations . China and Kyrgyzstan said in the communique that peace, stability and a just and rational world political and economic order should be established on the basis of the UN Charter and norms and principles of international law . China and Kyrgyzstan also agree that international disputes should be solved by peaceful means and the United Nations should play a leading role in safeguarding peace and security in the world and efforts should be made to diversify modes of development . China and Kyrgyzstan further agree in the communique that the Shanghai Cooperation Organization's purposes and principles conform to reality and the development trend and the SCO's activities are conducive to regional peace and stability . The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan are willing to work together with other members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and take effective measures in fighting terrorism, separatism, extremism, drug trafficking, illegal immigration and cross-border crimes . The communique said China and Kyrgyzstan are also ready to expand cooperation in economy and other fields with other SCO members, promote the relations between the SCO and other countries and international organizations, and strengthen the SCO's role in maintaining regional and global peace and development .
 Media reports stated on 10 October 2004 that Vietnamese and German officials have pledged to further Vietnamese and German relations in such fields as investment, trade and technology and to support each other in the United Nations (UN) . German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder attended the 5th Asia-Europe Meeting summit in Hanoi on 8 October 2004 and 9 October 2004 . During separate talks and meetings with Schroeder held on 9 October 2004 Vietnamese leaders stated that the Vietnamese government supports the German government's bid for a permanent seat in the UN Security Council and wants to strengthen Vietnamese relations with Germany . Vietnamese Prime Minister Phan Van Khai stated that the visit by Schroeder is important to the Vietnam-German relationship and the closer cooperation between the 2 continents . Vietnamese and German officials signed 5 documents on financial, technical and business cooperation totaling over 260 million US dollars . The documents cover financial cooperation for 2 stages in the 2003-2005 period and the purchase of 16 locomotives for the Vietnam Railway Corporation and equipment for a local cement plant . Vietnamese State President Tran Duc Luong stated in a meeting with Schroeder that the Vietnamese Government would like to receive more technology transfer and experience from Germany and that Vietnam is developing under the industrialization process . Schroeder stated that German officials attach great importance to Vietnam in an attempt to strengthen bilateral ties . The German Government supports the Vietnamese government's bid for a non-permanent membership of the UN Security Council in the 2008-2009 term and encourages small- and medium-sized German enterprises to do business with Vietnam . The German government offered the Vietnamese government official development assistance worth more than 480 million dollars in the 1990-2003 period primarily for poverty reduction, agriculture development, healthcare and economic reforms . The Vietnam-Germany trade volume rose 7.7 percent in 2003 to reach 1.4 billion dollars, of which 815.4 million dollars came from Vietnamese exports .
 In 2004 Hong Kong tertiary institutes actively contributed to improved relations between Hong Kong and mainland China in the research and development of high technology . Hong Kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland China to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer . In June 2004 Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) joined national university science and technology park of the Virtual University Park in Shenzhen, China becoming the first tertiary institution of Hong Kong to establish research centers and training facilities in mainland China . President of PolyU Poon Chung-kwong stated that both public and private sectors in Hong Kong are strengthening connections with mainland China in various areas . Poon stated that cooperation between Hong Kong and mainland China will facilitate universities to more effectively promote technology transfer and human resources development in the mainland creating positive results for both Hong Kong and China . City University of Hong Kong (CityU) and the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) in Anhui province signed an agreement in June to jointly establish a high level joint research center in Suzhou . The University of Science and Technology of China is a university established by the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) . The agreement is based on the principle of mutually beneficial collaboration in which both universities complement each other's strengths in working together on joint research projects, supervision and teaching of research students and in administering professional training opportunities . In addition to partnering with education institutes Hong Kong universities have also joined large-scale high technology exchange programs in mainland China in order to enhance communication between the mainland and Hong Kong in the discipline . The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) demonstrated its latest achievements in research and development at the 6th annual China Hi-Tech Fair (CHTF) held in Shenzhen in October 2004 . HKUST demonstrated more than 30 new technologies and products covering a wide range of technologies including nanotechnology, multimedia, logistics and RFID technology, advanced manufacturing, and biotechnology . HKUST also collaborated with a prominent mainland manufacturer on the development of a nanomaterial-based high-capacity lithium battery . This collaboration is the most recent in a series of successful technology transfer agreements reached by HKUST . HKUST President Paul Ching-Wu Chu stated -- . HKUST is increasing funding to research new technologies required by industry in the Pearl River Delta . The University will continue to leverage its extensive relationships with international research institutions and multi-national corporations to enhance the development of advanced technologies which can find immediate practical application in China .
